
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.003044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3043524500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 3043524500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  75100                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   143811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                4642216                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5346324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   655.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    49237107                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      94285491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2369984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2369984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        37031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              37031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    778697198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            778697198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    778697198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           778697198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      37031                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    37031                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2369984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2369984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                   3043300500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                37031                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  15942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  12061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   4972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         5218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   454.022231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   243.142050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   425.480089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1844     35.34%     35.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          893     17.11%     52.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          263      5.04%     57.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          164      3.14%     60.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      2.38%     63.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           85      1.63%     64.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          124      2.38%     67.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           88      1.69%     68.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1633     31.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         5218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   363563048                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1057894298                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 185155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9817.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28567.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      778.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   778.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        6.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    6.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.78                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   31805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                85.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     82182.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   85.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                17047800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 9301875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              141258000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy           198338400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           746479980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          1167331500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            2279757555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           750.686368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1936611251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    101400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1000570249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                22392720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                12218250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              147466800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy           198338400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           739834920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          1173160500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            2293411590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           755.182416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1946312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    101400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    990650750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2371008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2371008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        37047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              37047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    779033650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            779033650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    779033650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           779033650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      37047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    37047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2371008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2371008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                   3043282500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                37047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  15864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  12032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   4999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         5285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   448.472280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   237.943509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   425.404179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1940     36.71%     36.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          868     16.42%     53.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          266      5.03%     58.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          152      2.88%     61.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          136      2.57%     63.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           82      1.55%     65.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          111      2.10%     67.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           97      1.84%     69.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1633     30.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         5285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   370972049                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1065603299                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 185235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10013.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28763.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      779.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   779.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.80                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   31757                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                85.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     82146.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   85.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                17380440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 9483375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              141406200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy           198338400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           750981555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          1163382750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            2280972720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           751.086502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1930021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    101400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1007177750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                22559040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                12309000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              147443400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy           198338400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           741923685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          1171328250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            2293901775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           755.343825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1942857000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    101400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    993380500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2369984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2369984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        37031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              37031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    778697198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            778697198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    778697198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           778697198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      37031                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    37031                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2369984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2369984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             2332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             2162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             2364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             2351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                   3043173500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                37031                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  15957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  12087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   5015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         5242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   451.931324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   240.602096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   425.950679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1899     36.23%     36.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          868     16.56%     52.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          265      5.06%     57.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          155      2.96%     60.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      2.19%     62.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           97      1.85%     64.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          108      2.06%     66.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           99      1.89%     68.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1636     31.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         5242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   352778045                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1047109295                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 185155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9526.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28276.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      778.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   778.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        6.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    6.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.70                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   31779                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                85.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                     82179.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                17229240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 9400875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              141242400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy           198338400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy           742850505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy          1170515250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy            2279576670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           750.626806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1940831750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    101400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    995025750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                22385160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                12214125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              147466800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy           198338400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy           743948325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy          1169552250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy            2293905060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           755.344907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1940283500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    101400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    996352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2370560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2370560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        37040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              37040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    778886452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            778886452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    778886452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           778886452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      37040                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    37040                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2370560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2370560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             2326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             2175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             2363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             2351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                   3043166500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                37040                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  15883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  12069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   5027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         5239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   452.275625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   240.698532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   426.058322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1908     36.42%     36.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          851     16.24%     52.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          266      5.08%     57.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          165      3.15%     60.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          116      2.21%     63.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           91      1.74%     64.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          113      2.16%     67.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           91      1.74%     68.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1638     31.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         5239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   359067781                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1053567781                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 185200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9694.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28444.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      778.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   778.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   31792                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                     82158.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                17191440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 9380250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              141398400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy           198338400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy           736507260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy          1176079500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy            2278895250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           750.402426                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1949950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    101400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    985979500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                22407840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                12226500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              147373200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy           198338400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy           749033010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy          1165092000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy            2294470950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           755.531245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1931629500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    101400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1003994000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu00.branchPred.lookups               1541034                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.condPredicted         1541034                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu00.branchPred.condIncorrect           89943                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBLookups            1239954                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHits               1208026                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.425066                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu00.branchPred.usedRAS                 15083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu00.branchPred.RASInCorrect             1057                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls               4186                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                        5796051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1294349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu00.fetch.Insts                      6437389                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu00.fetch.Branches                   1541034                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu00.fetch.predictedBranches          1223109                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu00.fetch.Cycles                     4268123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu00.fetch.SquashCycles                181181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu00.fetch.TlbCycles                       10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu00.fetch.MiscStallCycles               7711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2826                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu00.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        10402                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu00.fetch.CacheLines                 1165497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheSquashes               25917                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::samples          5674023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.164502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.891970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::0                3381764     59.60%     59.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::1                  92854      1.64%     61.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::2                  37271      0.66%     61.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::3                 309540      5.46%     67.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::4                 245308      4.32%     71.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::5                 482407      8.50%     80.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::6                 567921     10.01%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::7                  71037      1.25%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::8                 485921      8.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::total            5674023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.branchRate                0.265877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.fetch.rate                      1.110651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.decode.IdleCycles                1053401                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu00.decode.BlockedCycles             2542459                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu00.decode.RunCycles                 1804307                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu00.decode.UnblockCycles              183266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu00.decode.SquashCycles                90590                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu00.decode.DecodedInsts             11788107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.rename.SquashCycles                90590                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu00.rename.IdleCycles                1142879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu00.rename.BlockCycles                997328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu00.rename.serializeStallCycles        48184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu00.rename.RunCycles                 1856700                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu00.rename.UnblockCycles             1538342                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedInsts             11459874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu00.rename.ROBFullEvents                7831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu00.rename.IQFullEvents                61524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu00.rename.LQFullEvents               114637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu00.rename.SQFullEvents              1316791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedOperands          14669734                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu00.rename.RenameLookups            28487392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu00.rename.int_rename_lookups       16016145                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.fp_rename_lookups          178002                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.CommittedMaps             9304806                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu00.rename.UndoneMaps                5364928                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu00.rename.serializingInsts              547                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          570                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.skidInsts                  759641                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedLoads            1853702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedStores            287077                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingLoads           81941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingStores          25594                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsAdded                 10870351                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              5877                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsIssued                11290782                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           35860                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3547853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4364868                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1816                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      5674023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.989908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.300045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           2603398     45.88%     45.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            507628      8.95%     54.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            396192      6.98%     61.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            601447     10.60%     72.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            526651      9.28%     81.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            481177      8.48%     90.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            317845      5.60%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            150610      2.65%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             89075      1.57%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       5674023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 76926     30.42%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 379      0.15%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     30.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemRead               150637     59.56%     90.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               24958      9.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           24116      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             7918076     70.13%     70.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                571      0.01%     70.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 823      0.01%     70.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             59066      0.52%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            3022892     26.77%     97.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            265238      2.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::total             11290782                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.rate                         1.948013                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    252900                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.022399                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         28163901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        14297417                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9497859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            380446                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           127061                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       119648                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.int_alu_accesses             11322355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_alu_accesses                197211                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          29301                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       631350                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          176                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          403                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        40401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            9                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1342504                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu00.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu00.iew.iewSquashCycles                90590                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu00.iew.iewBlockCycles                538719                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewUnblockCycles              387582                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          10876228                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1853702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             287077                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              528                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 2158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              380496                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          403                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59869                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        38746                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.branchMispredicts              98615                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecutedInsts            11084876                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2964251                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          205906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu00.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_refs                    3226269                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_branches                1099724                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_stores                   262018                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_rate                   1.912488                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu00.iew.wb_sent                      9654022                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu00.iew.wb_count                     9617507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_producers                 7823278                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_consumers                10950483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.iew.wb_rate                     1.659321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu00.iew.wb_fanout                   0.714423                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3547077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          4061                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu00.commit.branchMispredicts           90237                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      5154259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.421810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.591530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      3386550     65.70%     65.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       501106      9.72%     75.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       202342      3.93%     79.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       262132      5.09%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       103539      2.01%     86.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        59459      1.15%     87.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71603      1.39%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45104      0.88%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       522424     10.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      5154259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committedInsts            3859055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.commit.committedOps              7328375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu00.commit.refs                      1469028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu00.commit.loads                     1222352                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu00.commit.membars                      3714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu00.commit.branches                   910739                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu00.commit.fp_insts                   118741                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.int_insts                 7239249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.function_calls              11524                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        15360      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        5784685     78.94%     79.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           539      0.01%     79.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            820      0.01%     79.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        57943      0.79%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       1222352     16.68%     96.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       246676      3.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::total         7328375                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.bw_lim_events              522424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu00.rob.rob_reads                   15507144                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu00.rob.rob_writes                  22273456                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu00.timesIdled                          1884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu00.idleCycles                        122028                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu00.quiesceCycles                     290999                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu00.committedInsts                   3859055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu00.committedOps                     7328375                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu00.cpi                             1.501935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu00.cpi_total                       1.501935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu00.ipc                             0.665808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu00.ipc_total                       0.665808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_reads               15629517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_writes               8174022                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_reads                  170513                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_writes                  82016                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_reads                 5516699                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_writes                4013255                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_reads               5636302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu01.branchPred.lookups               1374463                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.condPredicted         1374463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu01.branchPred.condIncorrect           79563                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBLookups            1115813                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHits               1095727                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.199878                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu01.branchPred.usedRAS                  5633                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu01.branchPred.RASInCorrect              109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu01.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu01.numCycles                        4409553                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1046295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu01.fetch.Insts                      5538274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu01.fetch.Branches                   1374463                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu01.fetch.predictedBranches          1101360                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu01.fetch.Cycles                     3272270                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu01.fetch.SquashCycles                159549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu01.fetch.MiscStallCycles               1129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2105                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1338                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu01.fetch.CacheLines                 1024081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheSquashes               21425                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::samples          4402911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.414185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.921675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::0                2403942     54.60%     54.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::1                  76622      1.74%     56.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::2                  18890      0.43%     56.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::3                 277256      6.30%     63.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::4                 225933      5.13%     68.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::5                 446227     10.13%     78.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::6                 513825     11.67%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::7                  56275      1.28%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::8                 383941      8.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::total            4402911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.branchRate                0.311701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.fetch.rate                      1.255972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.decode.IdleCycles                 833943                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu01.decode.BlockedCycles             1747076                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu01.decode.RunCycles                 1607592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu01.decode.UnblockCycles              134526                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu01.decode.SquashCycles                79774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu01.decode.DecodedInsts             10190936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.rename.SquashCycles                79774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu01.rename.IdleCycles                 903719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu01.rename.BlockCycles                848650                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu01.rename.serializeStallCycles        17601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu01.rename.RunCycles                 1633197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu01.rename.UnblockCycles              919970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedInsts              9895121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu01.rename.ROBFullEvents                6193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu01.rename.IQFullEvents                47948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu01.rename.LQFullEvents               129939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu01.rename.SQFullEvents               703530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedOperands          12884167                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu01.rename.RenameLookups            24499650                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu01.rename.int_rename_lookups       13552164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu01.rename.fp_rename_lookups          156804                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu01.rename.CommittedMaps             7926887                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu01.rename.UndoneMaps                4957280                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu01.rename.serializingInsts              416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          443                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.skidInsts                  518188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedLoads            1615826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedStores            108580                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingLoads           58724                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingStores           3702                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9375148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9697574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           31977                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3255066                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3988512                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          362                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4402911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.202537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.346740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1827489     41.51%     41.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            391130      8.88%     50.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            303321      6.89%     57.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            517027     11.74%     69.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            451529     10.26%     79.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            422001      9.58%     88.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            274479      6.23%     95.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            141754      3.22%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             74181      1.68%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4402911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 75108     34.96%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 260      0.12%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     35.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemRead               122120     56.84%     91.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               17367      8.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20023      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6909656     71.25%     71.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                219      0.00%     71.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 812      0.01%     71.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             52398      0.54%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2616728     26.98%     98.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             97738      1.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::total              9697574                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.rate                         2.199219                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    214855                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.022156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         23737141                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12519884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8127570                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            307750                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           111595                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       107115                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.int_alu_accesses              9733683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_alu_accesses                158723                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16513                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       594485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           85                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21686                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1159495                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu01.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu01.iew.iewSquashCycles                79774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu01.iew.iewBlockCycles                511981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewUnblockCycles              276930                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9376330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1615826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             108580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              270325                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           85                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54937                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31471                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.branchMispredicts              86408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9512828                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2561682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          184746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu01.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_refs                    2657749                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_branches                 971862                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_stores                    96067                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_rate                   2.157323                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu01.iew.wb_sent                      8268066                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu01.iew.wb_count                     8234685                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_producers                 6856315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_consumers                 9464534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.iew.wb_rate                     1.867465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu01.iew.wb_fanout                   0.724422                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3253658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           820                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu01.commit.branchMispredicts           79680                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3926506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.558960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.713146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2518622     64.14%     64.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       371742      9.47%     73.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       139939      3.56%     77.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       216941      5.53%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        75885      1.93%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        47666      1.21%     85.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61110      1.56%     87.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46517      1.18%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       448084     11.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3926506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committedInsts            3188931                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.commit.committedOps              6121264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu01.commit.refs                      1108235                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu01.commit.loads                     1021341                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu01.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu01.commit.branches                   797348                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu01.commit.fp_insts                   106627                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.int_insts                 6027789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13779      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4946515     80.81%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           203      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     81.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        51726      0.85%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       1021341     16.69%     98.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        86894      1.42%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::total         6121264                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.bw_lim_events              448084                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu01.rob.rob_reads                   12853084                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu01.rob.rob_writes                  19228644                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu01.timesIdled                           389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu01.idleCycles                          6642                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu01.quiesceCycles                    1635578                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   3188931                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu01.committedOps                     6121264                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu01.cpi                             1.382768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu01.cpi_total                       1.382768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu01.ipc                             0.723187                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu01.ipc_total                       0.723187                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_reads               13106008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_writes               7084877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu01.fp_regfile_reads                  151901                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu01.fp_regfile_writes                  71172                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_reads                 4897529                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_writes                3528832                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_reads               4795665                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu02.branchPred.lookups               1375717                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.condPredicted         1375717                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu02.branchPred.condIncorrect           80810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBLookups            1120638                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHits               1099031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.071902                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu02.branchPred.usedRAS                  5701                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu02.branchPred.RASInCorrect               97                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu02.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu02.numCycles                        4420063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1056940                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu02.fetch.Insts                      5548289                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu02.fetch.Branches                   1375717                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu02.fetch.predictedBranches          1104732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu02.fetch.Cycles                     3275224                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu02.fetch.SquashCycles                162003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu02.fetch.MiscStallCycles                381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1614                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          864                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu02.fetch.CacheLines                 1034320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheSquashes               22075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::samples          4416024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.410559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.918129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::0                2411003     54.60%     54.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::1                  77951      1.77%     56.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::2                  18658      0.42%     56.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::3                 280905      6.36%     63.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::4                 223580      5.06%     68.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::5                 451351     10.22%     78.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::6                 513594     11.63%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::7                  57392      1.30%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::8                 381590      8.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::total            4416024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.branchRate                0.311244                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.fetch.rate                      1.255251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.decode.IdleCycles                 839053                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu02.decode.BlockedCycles             1749534                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu02.decode.RunCycles                 1612278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu02.decode.UnblockCycles              134158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu02.decode.SquashCycles                81001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu02.decode.DecodedInsts             10204893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.rename.SquashCycles                81001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu02.rename.IdleCycles                 909085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu02.rename.BlockCycles                845830                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu02.rename.serializeStallCycles        21304                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu02.rename.RunCycles                 1637201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu02.rename.UnblockCycles              921603                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedInsts              9904626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu02.rename.ROBFullEvents                6278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu02.rename.IQFullEvents                50855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu02.rename.LQFullEvents               133105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu02.rename.SQFullEvents               702698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedOperands          12894164                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu02.rename.RenameLookups            24525838                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu02.rename.int_rename_lookups       13574428                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu02.rename.fp_rename_lookups          148652                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu02.rename.CommittedMaps             7870470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu02.rename.UndoneMaps                5023694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu02.rename.serializingInsts              433                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          480                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.skidInsts                  515731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedLoads            1618133                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedStores            109707                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingLoads           61578                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingStores           3866                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9379891                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1170                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9685202                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           32097                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3301542                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4033676                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          358                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4416024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.193195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.336812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1833778     41.53%     41.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            393100      8.90%     50.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            304998      6.91%     57.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            524102     11.87%     69.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            455231     10.31%     79.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            422696      9.57%     89.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            271343      6.14%     95.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            138870      3.14%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             71906      1.63%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4416024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 73543     33.47%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 184      0.08%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemRead               123670     56.28%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               22341     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           19754      0.20%      0.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6906547     71.31%     71.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                228      0.00%     71.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 806      0.01%     71.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             49785      0.51%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2609530     26.94%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             98552      1.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::total              9685202                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.rate                         2.191191                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    219738                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.022688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         23760573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12576778                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8123927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            277690                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           105926                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       102047                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.int_alu_accesses              9742672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_alu_accesses                142514                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       602419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1153353                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu02.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu02.iew.iewSquashCycles                81001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu02.iew.iewBlockCycles                510622                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewUnblockCycles              273303                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9381061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1618133                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             109707                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              430                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              266763                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          105                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31677                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.branchMispredicts              87630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9498584                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2553876                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          186618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu02.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_refs                    2650770                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_branches                 969856                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_stores                    96894                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_rate                   2.148970                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu02.iew.wb_sent                      8259379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu02.iew.wb_count                     8225974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_producers                 6845814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_consumers                 9445227                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.iew.wb_rate                     1.861054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu02.iew.wb_fanout                   0.724791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3299591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           812                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu02.commit.branchMispredicts           80879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3932418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.546000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.701774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2528293     64.29%     64.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       373520      9.50%     73.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       140021      3.56%     77.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       217506      5.53%     82.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74304      1.89%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48390      1.23%     86.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        60784      1.55%     87.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47231      1.20%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       442369     11.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3932418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committedInsts            3169423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.commit.committedOps              6079519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu02.commit.refs                      1102851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu02.commit.loads                     1015714                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu02.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu02.commit.branches                   792065                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu02.commit.fp_insts                   101618                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.int_insts                 5988754                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13732      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4912750     80.81%     81.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           203      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     81.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        49177      0.81%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       1015714     16.71%     98.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        87137      1.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::total         6079519                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.bw_lim_events              442369                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu02.rob.rob_reads                   12868795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu02.rob.rob_writes                  19244338                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu02.timesIdled                           354                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu02.idleCycles                          4039                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu02.quiesceCycles                    1625134                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   3169423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu02.committedOps                     6079519                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu02.cpi                             1.394595                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu02.cpi_total                       1.394595                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu02.ipc                             0.717054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu02.ipc_total                       0.717054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_reads               13083357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_writes               7082572                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu02.fp_regfile_reads                  144273                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu02.fp_regfile_writes                  66086                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_reads                 4887024                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_writes                3522762                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_reads               4786687                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu03.branchPred.lookups               1341589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.condPredicted         1341589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu03.branchPred.condIncorrect           80480                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBLookups            1087769                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHits               1066800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.072293                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu03.branchPred.usedRAS                  5591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu03.branchPred.RASInCorrect              101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu03.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu03.numCycles                        4353361                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1038354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu03.fetch.Insts                      5410929                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu03.fetch.Branches                   1341589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu03.fetch.predictedBranches          1072391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu03.fetch.Cycles                     3226605                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu03.fetch.SquashCycles                161331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu03.fetch.TlbCycles                       13                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu03.fetch.MiscStallCycles                757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1677                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1066                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu03.fetch.CacheLines                 1016370                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheSquashes               21981                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::samples          4349137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.385090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.910160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::0                2399460     55.17%     55.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::1                  67135      1.54%     56.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::2                  17526      0.40%     57.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::3                 275045      6.32%     63.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::4                 221522      5.09%     68.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::5                 442128     10.17%     78.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::6                 500997     11.52%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::7                  59541      1.37%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::8                 365783      8.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::total            4349137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.branchRate                0.308173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.fetch.rate                      1.242931                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.decode.IdleCycles                 823434                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu03.decode.BlockedCycles             1750538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu03.decode.RunCycles                 1562212                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu03.decode.UnblockCycles              132288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu03.decode.SquashCycles                80665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu03.decode.DecodedInsts              9941350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.rename.SquashCycles                80665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu03.rename.IdleCycles                 892351                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu03.rename.BlockCycles                864861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu03.rename.serializeStallCycles        12611                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu03.rename.RunCycles                 1586299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu03.rename.UnblockCycles              912350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedInsts              9644045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu03.rename.ROBFullEvents                6312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu03.rename.IQFullEvents                48858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu03.rename.LQFullEvents               117932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu03.rename.SQFullEvents               709914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedOperands          12530447                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu03.rename.RenameLookups            23903522                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu03.rename.int_rename_lookups       13223648                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu03.rename.fp_rename_lookups          145017                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu03.rename.CommittedMaps             7510936                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu03.rename.UndoneMaps                5019511                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu03.rename.serializingInsts              390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          407                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.skidInsts                  508672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedLoads            1581588                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedStores            105577                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingLoads           62626                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingStores           3973                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9121269                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1138                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9339680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           32654                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3300073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4044712                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          322                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4349137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.147479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.317355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1840866     42.33%     42.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            387399      8.91%     51.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            299148      6.88%     58.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            511976     11.77%     69.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            442091     10.17%     80.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            411724      9.47%     89.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            260018      5.98%     95.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            136355      3.14%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             59560      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4349137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 73912     36.94%     36.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     36.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     36.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 183      0.09%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     37.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemRead               110763     55.36%     92.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               15228      7.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           19875      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6686986     71.60%     71.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                231      0.00%     71.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 808      0.01%     71.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             48729      0.52%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2488492     26.64%     98.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             94559      1.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::total              9339680                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.rate                         2.145395                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    200086                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.021423                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         22989984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12319153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7863906                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            271253                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           103433                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       100016                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.int_alu_accesses              9380648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_alu_accesses                139243                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16379                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       604325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          114                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22366                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1070623                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu03.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu03.iew.iewSquashCycles                80665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu03.iew.iewBlockCycles                528372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewUnblockCycles              272756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9122407                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1581588                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             105577                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1685                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              266118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          114                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55731                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31375                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.branchMispredicts              87106                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9153823                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2433051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          185857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu03.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_refs                    2526043                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_branches                 937582                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_stores                    92992                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_rate                   2.102702                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu03.iew.wb_sent                      7997746                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu03.iew.wb_count                     7963922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_producers                 6622730                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_consumers                 9139704                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.iew.wb_rate                     1.829373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu03.iew.wb_fanout                   0.724611                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3298267                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu03.commit.branchMispredicts           80543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3865450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.506250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.674678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2508809     64.90%     64.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       369399      9.56%     74.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       138146      3.57%     78.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       206858      5.35%     83.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        73318      1.90%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        46858      1.21%     86.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51281      1.33%     87.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45427      1.18%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       425354     11.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3865450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committedInsts            3034646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.commit.committedOps              5822334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu03.commit.refs                      1060474                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu03.commit.loads                      977263                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu03.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu03.commit.branches                   760562                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu03.commit.fp_insts                    99631                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.int_insts                 5731931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13678      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4699017     80.71%     80.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           197      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        48162      0.83%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        977263     16.78%     98.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        83211      1.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::total         5822334                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.bw_lim_events              425354                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu03.rob.rob_reads                   12560372                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu03.rob.rob_writes                  18727277                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu03.timesIdled                           367                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu03.idleCycles                          4224                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu03.quiesceCycles                    1691617                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   3034646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu03.committedOps                     5822334                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu03.cpi                             1.434553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu03.cpi_total                       1.434553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu03.ipc                             0.697081                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu03.ipc_total                       0.697081                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_reads               12562221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_writes               6858452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu03.fp_regfile_reads                  141230                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu03.fp_regfile_writes                  64057                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_reads                 4725832                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_writes                3382326                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_reads               4597342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu04.branchPred.lookups               1343044                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.condPredicted         1343044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu04.branchPred.condIncorrect           80765                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBLookups            1086398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHits               1066799                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.195965                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu04.branchPred.usedRAS                  5693                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu04.branchPred.RASInCorrect              115                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu04.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu04.numCycles                        4349207                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1044780                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu04.fetch.Insts                      5416041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu04.fetch.Branches                   1343044                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu04.fetch.predictedBranches          1072492                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu04.fetch.Cycles                     3215518                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu04.fetch.SquashCycles                161865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu04.fetch.TlbCycles                       10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu04.fetch.MiscStallCycles                802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2062                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1117                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu04.fetch.CacheLines                 1023396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheSquashes               22196                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::samples          4345221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.388707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.908110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::0                2395022     55.12%     55.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::1                  63933      1.47%     56.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::2                  16586      0.38%     56.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::3                 275092      6.33%     63.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::4                 224635      5.17%     68.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::5                 446108     10.27%     78.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::6                 501908     11.55%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::7                  58944      1.36%     91.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::8                 362993      8.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::total            4345221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.branchRate                0.308802                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.fetch.rate                      1.245294                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.decode.IdleCycles                 829220                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu04.decode.BlockedCycles             1738609                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu04.decode.RunCycles                 1565878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu04.decode.UnblockCycles              130582                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu04.decode.SquashCycles                80932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu04.decode.DecodedInsts              9941546                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.rename.SquashCycles                80932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu04.rename.IdleCycles                 897512                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu04.rename.BlockCycles                861242                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu04.rename.serializeStallCycles        14708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu04.rename.RunCycles                 1588908                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu04.rename.UnblockCycles              901919                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedInsts              9645827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu04.rename.ROBFullEvents                6700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu04.rename.IQFullEvents                44475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu04.rename.LQFullEvents               117586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu04.rename.SQFullEvents               700399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedOperands          12525803                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu04.rename.RenameLookups            23920651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu04.rename.int_rename_lookups       13229749                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu04.rename.fp_rename_lookups          142139                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu04.rename.CommittedMaps             7517840                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu04.rename.UndoneMaps                5007963                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu04.rename.serializingInsts              393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          410                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.skidInsts                  502395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedLoads            1590136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedStores            103103                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingLoads           65327                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingStores           4156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9126899                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9339288                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           31465                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3296776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4045538                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          377                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4345221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.149324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.313308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1832521     42.17%     42.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            386954      8.91%     51.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            302342      6.96%     58.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            517149     11.90%     69.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            440841     10.15%     80.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            412324      9.49%     89.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            259335      5.97%     95.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            134831      3.10%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             58924      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4345221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 72753     37.54%     37.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     37.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     37.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 140      0.07%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemRead               108785     56.13%     93.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               12130      6.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           19780      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6688705     71.62%     71.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                245      0.00%     71.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 814      0.01%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             47900      0.51%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2489637     26.66%     99.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             92207      0.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::total              9339288                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.rate                         2.147354                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    193808                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.020752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         22976776                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12323617                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7870070                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            272294                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           101349                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        98474                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.int_alu_accesses              9373214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_alu_accesses                140102                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          17556                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       607209                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1064366                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu04.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu04.iew.iewSquashCycles                80932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu04.iew.iewBlockCycles                522338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewUnblockCycles              272725                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9128090                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1590136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             103103                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              389                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              266203                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31605                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.branchMispredicts              87371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9153015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2434462                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          186273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu04.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_refs                    2525245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_branches                 939561                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_stores                    90783                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_rate                   2.104525                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu04.iew.wb_sent                      8002383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu04.iew.wb_count                     7968544                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_producers                 6631975                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_consumers                 9145078                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.iew.wb_rate                     1.832183                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu04.iew.wb_fanout                   0.725196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3294956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu04.commit.branchMispredicts           80818                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3861221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.510225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.676595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2502506     64.81%     64.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       369729      9.58%     74.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       138807      3.59%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       206514      5.35%     83.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72562      1.88%     85.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48359      1.25%     86.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51662      1.34%     87.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46242      1.20%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       424840     11.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3861221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committedInsts            3040195                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.commit.committedOps              5831314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu04.commit.refs                      1064138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu04.commit.loads                      982927                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu04.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu04.commit.branches                   762676                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu04.commit.fp_insts                    98143                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.int_insts                 5741193                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13676      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4705071     80.69%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           197      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        47426      0.81%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        982927     16.86%     98.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        81211      1.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::total         5831314                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.bw_lim_events              424840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu04.rob.rob_reads                   12562300                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu04.rob.rob_writes                  18739016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu04.timesIdled                           373                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu04.idleCycles                          3986                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu04.quiesceCycles                    1696013                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   3040195                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu04.committedOps                     5831314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu04.cpi                             1.430568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu04.cpi_total                       1.430568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu04.ipc                             0.699023                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu04.ipc_total                       0.699023                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_reads               12559399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_writes               6864427                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu04.fp_regfile_reads                  138974                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu04.fp_regfile_writes                  62526                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_reads                 4734968                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_writes                3374386                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_reads               4600397                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu05.branchPred.lookups               1334055                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.condPredicted         1334055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu05.branchPred.condIncorrect           79365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBLookups            1082332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHits               1060106                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.946471                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu05.branchPred.usedRAS                  5590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu05.branchPred.RASInCorrect               97                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu05.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu05.numCycles                        4336325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1033675                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu05.fetch.Insts                      5378461                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu05.fetch.Branches                   1334055                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu05.fetch.predictedBranches          1065696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu05.fetch.Cycles                     3215525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu05.fetch.SquashCycles                159099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu05.fetch.TlbCycles                       10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu05.fetch.MiscStallCycles                790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1958                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1105                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu05.fetch.CacheLines                 1012515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheSquashes               21652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::samples          4332612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.379312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.907224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::0                2395390     55.29%     55.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::1                  64716      1.49%     56.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::2                  17219      0.40%     57.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::3                 272892      6.30%     63.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::4                 221838      5.12%     68.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::5                 441630     10.19%     78.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::6                 498538     11.51%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::7                  59037      1.36%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::8                 361352      8.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::total            4332612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.branchRate                0.307646                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.fetch.rate                      1.240327                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.decode.IdleCycles                 820613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu05.decode.BlockedCycles             1749144                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu05.decode.RunCycles                 1551831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu05.decode.UnblockCycles              131475                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu05.decode.SquashCycles                79549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu05.decode.DecodedInsts              9875705                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.rename.SquashCycles                79549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu05.rename.IdleCycles                 889236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu05.rename.BlockCycles                852393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu05.rename.serializeStallCycles        17206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu05.rename.RunCycles                 1575965                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu05.rename.UnblockCycles              918263                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedInsts              9582758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu05.rename.ROBFullEvents                6689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu05.rename.IQFullEvents                47731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu05.rename.LQFullEvents               127043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu05.rename.SQFullEvents               706836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedOperands          12444479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu05.rename.RenameLookups            23769640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu05.rename.int_rename_lookups       13149595                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu05.rename.fp_rename_lookups          141821                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu05.rename.CommittedMaps             7487799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu05.rename.UndoneMaps                4956680                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu05.rename.serializingInsts              389                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          416                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.skidInsts                  507249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedLoads            1577323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedStores            103193                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingLoads           63917                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingStores           4044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9069117                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9296490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           32476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3262789                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4006610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          369                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4332612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.145701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.314113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1832769     42.30%     42.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            386822      8.93%     51.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            299439      6.91%     58.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            511219     11.80%     69.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            437998     10.11%     80.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            409592      9.45%     89.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            262692      6.06%     95.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            135619      3.13%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             56462      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4332612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 71129     36.55%     36.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     36.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     36.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 231      0.12%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemRead               111416     57.26%     93.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               11817      6.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           19346      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6648779     71.52%     71.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                250      0.00%     71.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 810      0.01%     71.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             47606      0.51%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2487332     26.76%     99.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             92367      0.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::total              9296490                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.rate                         2.143864                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    194593                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.020932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         22883370                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12231857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7825376                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            269291                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           101316                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        97935                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.int_alu_accesses              9333171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_alu_accesses                138566                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          17038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       598189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1072793                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu05.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu05.iew.iewSquashCycles                79549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu05.iew.iewBlockCycles                522271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewUnblockCycles              270465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9070291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1577323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             103193                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1712                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              263876                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30905                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.branchMispredicts              86062                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9114162                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2433376                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          182328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu05.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_refs                    2524183                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_branches                 933765                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_stores                    90807                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_rate                   2.101817                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu05.iew.wb_sent                      7956255                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu05.iew.wb_count                     7923311                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_producers                 6592767                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_consumers                 9094665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.iew.wb_rate                     1.827195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu05.iew.wb_fanout                   0.724905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3260184                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           805                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu05.commit.branchMispredicts           79431                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3854814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.506558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.676985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2503378     64.94%     64.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       368056      9.55%     74.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       137923      3.58%     78.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       204767      5.31%     83.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72484      1.88%     85.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        46663      1.21%     86.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        50302      1.30%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45692      1.19%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       425549     11.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3854814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committedInsts            3027732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.commit.committedOps              5807502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu05.commit.refs                      1060477                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu05.commit.loads                      979134                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu05.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu05.commit.branches                   759075                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu05.commit.fp_insts                    97580                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.int_insts                 5718894                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13548      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4685343     80.68%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           197      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        47131      0.81%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        979134     16.86%     98.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        81343      1.40%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::total         5807502                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.bw_lim_events              425549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu05.rob.rob_reads                   12496483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu05.rob.rob_writes                  18615657                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu05.timesIdled                           357                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu05.idleCycles                          3713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu05.quiesceCycles                    1708608                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   3027732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu05.committedOps                     5807502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu05.cpi                             1.432202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu05.cpi_total                       1.432202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu05.ipc                             0.698225                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu05.ipc_total                       0.698225                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_reads               12524207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_writes               6825973                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu05.fp_regfile_reads                  138155                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu05.fp_regfile_writes                  61970                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_reads                 4706584                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_writes                3356644                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_reads               4586467                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu06.branchPred.lookups               1331943                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.condPredicted         1331943                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu06.branchPred.condIncorrect           79342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBLookups            1077364                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHits               1056132                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.029264                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu06.branchPred.usedRAS                  5657                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu06.branchPred.RASInCorrect              114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu06.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu06.numCycles                        4328698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1032003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu06.fetch.Insts                      5379240                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu06.fetch.Branches                   1331943                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu06.fetch.predictedBranches          1061789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu06.fetch.Cycles                     3208287                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu06.fetch.SquashCycles                159157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu06.fetch.TlbCycles                       10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu06.fetch.MiscStallCycles                789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2375                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1376                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu06.fetch.CacheLines                 1010552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheSquashes               21679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::samples          4324418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.380802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.908983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::0                2390198     55.27%     55.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::1                  65640      1.52%     56.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::2                  16920      0.39%     57.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::3                 270100      6.25%     63.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::4                 224180      5.18%     68.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::5                 440142     10.18%     78.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::6                 495400     11.46%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::7                  58729      1.36%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::8                 363109      8.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::total            4324418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.branchRate                0.307701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.fetch.rate                      1.242692                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.decode.IdleCycles                 816988                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu06.decode.BlockedCycles             1746187                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu06.decode.RunCycles                 1548521                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu06.decode.UnblockCycles              133144                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu06.decode.SquashCycles                79578                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu06.decode.DecodedInsts              9873322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.rename.SquashCycles                79578                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu06.rename.IdleCycles                 885907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu06.rename.BlockCycles                855956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu06.rename.serializeStallCycles        12603                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu06.rename.RunCycles                 1574062                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu06.rename.UnblockCycles              916312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedInsts              9581562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu06.rename.ROBFullEvents                6102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu06.rename.IQFullEvents                48349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu06.rename.LQFullEvents               127936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu06.rename.SQFullEvents               702440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedOperands          12448254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu06.rename.RenameLookups            23761970                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu06.rename.int_rename_lookups       13146255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu06.rename.fp_rename_lookups          140531                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu06.rename.CommittedMaps             7521378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu06.rename.UndoneMaps                4926876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu06.rename.serializingInsts              360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          377                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.skidInsts                  510711                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedLoads            1580240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedStores            102175                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingLoads           59238                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingStores           3993                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9067267                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1156                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9308018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           30958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3238250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3978474                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          353                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4324418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.152433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.318620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1826226     42.23%     42.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            386225      8.93%     51.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            297562      6.88%     58.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            509891     11.79%     69.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            435483     10.07%     79.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            410066      9.48%     89.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            264553      6.12%     95.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            137880      3.19%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             56532      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4324418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 73004     36.59%     36.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     36.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     36.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 194      0.10%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemRead               113166     56.73%     93.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               13135      6.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           19384      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6651183     71.46%     71.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                250      0.00%     71.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 807      0.01%     71.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             47235      0.51%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2497803     26.83%     99.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             91356      0.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::total              9308018                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.rate                         2.150304                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    199499                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.021433                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         22907985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12206393                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7830987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            262926                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           100378                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        97295                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.int_alu_accesses              9353023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_alu_accesses                135110                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16089                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       595412                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21758                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1077314                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu06.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu06.iew.iewSquashCycles                79578                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu06.iew.iewBlockCycles                522759                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewUnblockCycles              274130                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9068423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1580240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             102175                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              356                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1685                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              267496                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31829                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.branchMispredicts              86078                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9124303                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2442955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          183715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu06.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_refs                    2532766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_branches                 934841                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_stores                    89811                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_rate                   2.107863                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu06.iew.wb_sent                      7961666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu06.iew.wb_count                     7928282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_producers                 6596605                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_consumers                 9099365                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.iew.wb_rate                     1.831563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu06.iew.wb_fanout                   0.724952                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3235470                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           803                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu06.commit.branchMispredicts           79451                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3850870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.513989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.684434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2496995     64.84%     64.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       368839      9.58%     74.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       137046      3.56%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       204380      5.31%     83.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72948      1.89%     85.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        46242      1.20%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        49128      1.28%     87.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46004      1.19%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       429288     11.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3850870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committedInsts            3043697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.commit.committedOps              5830173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu06.commit.refs                      1065245                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu06.commit.loads                      984828                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu06.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu06.commit.branches                   762305                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu06.commit.fp_insts                    96984                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.int_insts                 5741411                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13475      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4703635     80.68%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           197      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        46815      0.80%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        984828     16.89%     98.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        80417      1.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::total         5830173                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.bw_lim_events              429288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu06.rob.rob_reads                   12486705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu06.rob.rob_writes                  18607261                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu06.timesIdled                           364                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu06.idleCycles                          4280                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu06.quiesceCycles                    1716257                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   3043697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu06.committedOps                     5830173                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu06.cpi                             1.422184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu06.cpi_total                       1.422184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu06.ipc                             0.703144                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu06.ipc_total                       0.703144                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_reads               12543918                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_writes               6831230                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu06.fp_regfile_reads                  137189                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu06.fp_regfile_writes                  61340                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_reads                 4712078                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_writes                3364005                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_reads               4595905                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu07.branchPred.lookups               1327559                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.condPredicted         1327559                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu07.branchPred.condIncorrect           78436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBLookups            1079777                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHits               1057564                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.942816                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu07.branchPred.usedRAS                  5688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu07.branchPred.RASInCorrect               85                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu07.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu07.numCycles                        4322517                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1038740                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu07.fetch.Insts                      5336401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu07.fetch.Branches                   1327559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu07.fetch.predictedBranches          1063252                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu07.fetch.Cycles                     3197516                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu07.fetch.SquashCycles                157229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu07.fetch.MiscStallCycles                864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1760                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1210                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu07.fetch.CacheLines                 1017665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheSquashes               21686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::samples          4318704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.371800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.899776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::0                2389562     55.33%     55.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::1                  63651      1.47%     56.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::2                  15841      0.37%     57.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::3                 277460      6.42%     63.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::4                 219925      5.09%     68.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::5                 444523     10.29%     78.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::6                 495328     11.47%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::7                  58204      1.35%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::8                 354210      8.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::total            4318704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.branchRate                0.307126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.fetch.rate                      1.234559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.decode.IdleCycles                 825000                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu07.decode.BlockedCycles             1734958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu07.decode.RunCycles                 1551016                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu07.decode.UnblockCycles              129116                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu07.decode.SquashCycles                78614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu07.decode.DecodedInsts              9825684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.rename.SquashCycles                78614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu07.rename.IdleCycles                 892450                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu07.rename.BlockCycles                853618                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13179                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu07.rename.RunCycles                 1574571                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu07.rename.UnblockCycles              906272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedInsts              9538210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu07.rename.ROBFullEvents                5776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu07.rename.IQFullEvents                44458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu07.rename.LQFullEvents               115690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu07.rename.SQFullEvents               707124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedOperands          12383868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu07.rename.RenameLookups            23653000                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu07.rename.int_rename_lookups       13075175                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu07.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137180                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu07.rename.CommittedMaps             7478271                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu07.rename.UndoneMaps                4905597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu07.rename.serializingInsts              372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          394                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.skidInsts                  494673                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedLoads            1572230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedStores             99099                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingLoads           58438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingStores           3870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9034100                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9262549                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           31243                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3234384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3959949                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4318704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.144752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.310216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1822040     42.19%     42.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            388449      8.99%     51.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            299629      6.94%     58.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            512031     11.86%     69.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            438999     10.17%     80.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            410612      9.51%     89.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            257081      5.95%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            131697      3.05%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             58166      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4318704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 71371     38.51%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 229      0.12%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     38.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemRead               104334     56.29%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                9421      5.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           19046      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6634252     71.62%     71.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                243      0.00%     71.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 806      0.01%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             46326      0.50%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2473172     26.70%     99.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             88704      0.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::total              9262549                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.rate                         2.142860                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    185355                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.020011                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         22807266                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12171809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7807325                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            253134                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            97920                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        95439                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.int_alu_accesses              9299016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_alu_accesses                129842                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       593302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21053                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1059763                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu07.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu07.iew.iewSquashCycles                78614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu07.iew.iewBlockCycles                523050                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewUnblockCycles              270914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9035255                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1572230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              99099                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              366                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1653                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              264356                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54090                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.branchMispredicts              84924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9080589                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2418558                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          181960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu07.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_refs                    2505873                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_branches                 933561                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_stores                    87315                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_rate                   2.100764                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu07.iew.wb_sent                      7935798                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu07.iew.wb_count                     7902764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_producers                 6579038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_consumers                 9069344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.iew.wb_rate                     1.828278                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu07.iew.wb_fanout                   0.725415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3231927                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           805                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu07.commit.branchMispredicts           78497                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3845543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.508466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.679158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2496115     64.91%     64.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       367310      9.55%     74.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       137935      3.59%     78.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       205863      5.35%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71041      1.85%     85.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45611      1.19%     86.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        49851      1.30%     87.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45759      1.19%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       426058     11.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3845543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committedInsts            3021560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.commit.committedOps              5800871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu07.commit.refs                      1056974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu07.commit.loads                      978928                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu07.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu07.commit.branches                   759649                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu07.commit.fp_insts                    95168                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.int_insts                 5713281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13444      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4683540     80.74%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           194      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        45913      0.79%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        978928     16.88%     98.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        78046      1.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::total         5800871                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.bw_lim_events              426058                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu07.rob.rob_reads                   12451815                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu07.rob.rob_writes                  18541082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu07.timesIdled                           358                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu07.idleCycles                          3813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu07.quiesceCycles                    1722504                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   3021560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu07.committedOps                     5800871                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu07.cpi                             1.430558                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu07.cpi_total                       1.430558                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu07.ipc                             0.699028                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu07.ipc_total                       0.699028                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_reads               12465500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_writes               6811623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu07.fp_regfile_reads                  134415                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu07.fp_regfile_writes                  59496                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_reads                 4704716                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_writes                3346805                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_reads               4565916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu08.branchPred.lookups               1347892                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.condPredicted         1347892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu08.branchPred.condIncorrect           80657                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBLookups            1096544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHits               1074089                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.952203                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu08.branchPred.usedRAS                  5602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu08.branchPred.RASInCorrect               99                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu08.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu08.numCycles                        4377197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1057556                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu08.fetch.Insts                      5418348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu08.fetch.Branches                   1347892                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu08.fetch.predictedBranches          1079691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu08.fetch.Cycles                     3230998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu08.fetch.SquashCycles                161705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu08.fetch.MiscStallCycles                793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2053                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1188                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu08.fetch.CacheLines                 1035818                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheSquashes               22781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::samples          4373440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.377282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.899890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::0                2416388     55.25%     55.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::1                  63134      1.44%     56.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::2                  15232      0.35%     57.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::3                 280663      6.42%     63.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::4                 224329      5.13%     68.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::5                 451889     10.33%     78.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::6                 505236     11.55%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::7                  59415      1.36%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::8                 357154      8.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::total            4373440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.branchRate                0.307935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.fetch.rate                      1.237858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.decode.IdleCycles                 840227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu08.decode.BlockedCycles             1748217                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu08.decode.RunCycles                 1572330                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu08.decode.UnblockCycles              131814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu08.decode.SquashCycles                80852                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu08.decode.DecodedInsts              9967697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.rename.SquashCycles                80852                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu08.rename.IdleCycles                 908981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu08.rename.BlockCycles                871357                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu08.rename.serializeStallCycles        16059                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu08.rename.RunCycles                 1596778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu08.rename.UnblockCycles              899413                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedInsts              9673670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu08.rename.ROBFullEvents                6137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu08.rename.IQFullEvents                45277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu08.rename.LQFullEvents               116647                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu08.rename.SQFullEvents               698125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedOperands          12562941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu08.rename.RenameLookups            23994749                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu08.rename.int_rename_lookups       13267233                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu08.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136988                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu08.rename.CommittedMaps             7566406                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu08.rename.UndoneMaps                4996535                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu08.rename.serializingInsts              368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          394                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.skidInsts                  499924                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedLoads            1599233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedStores             97357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingLoads           59520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingStores           3791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9157534                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1145                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9377900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           30471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3289602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4021634                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          338                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4373440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.144285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.307398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1842856     42.14%     42.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            391920      8.96%     51.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            306415      7.01%     58.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            523489     11.97%     70.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            442046     10.11%     80.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            415189      9.49%     89.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            259545      5.93%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            134556      3.08%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             57424      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4373440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 70937     38.72%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 218      0.12%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     38.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemRead               104579     57.08%     95.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                7480      4.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           19246      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6721936     71.68%     71.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                241      0.00%     71.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 813      0.01%     71.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             46197      0.49%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2502335     26.68%     99.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             87132      0.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::total              9377900                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.rate                         2.142444                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    183214                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.019537                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         23091243                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12350431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7912918                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            251682                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            97941                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        95233                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.int_alu_accesses              9412819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_alu_accesses                129049                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16774                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       605235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1063175                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu08.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu08.iew.iewSquashCycles                80852                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu08.iew.iewBlockCycles                535371                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewUnblockCycles              275306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9158679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1599233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              97357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              365                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              268505                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55515                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.branchMispredicts              87208                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9192053                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2446403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          185847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu08.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_refs                    2532193                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_branches                 945836                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_stores                    85790                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_rate                   2.099986                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu08.iew.wb_sent                      8042376                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu08.iew.wb_count                     8008151                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_producers                 6672916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_consumers                 9193975                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.iew.wb_rate                     1.829516                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu08.iew.wb_fanout                   0.725792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3287211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           807                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu08.commit.branchMispredicts           80740                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3892347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.507850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.675856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2522002     64.79%     64.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375247      9.64%     74.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       141472      3.63%     78.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       208680      5.36%     83.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71933      1.85%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        46964      1.21%     86.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        49869      1.28%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46360      1.19%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       429820     11.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3892347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committedInsts            3055691                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.commit.committedOps              5869077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu08.commit.refs                      1070916                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu08.commit.loads                      993998                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu08.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu08.commit.branches                   769088                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu08.commit.fp_insts                    94941                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.int_insts                 5782175                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13405      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4737972     80.73%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           194      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        45784      0.78%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        993998     16.94%     98.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        76918      1.31%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::total         5869077                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.bw_lim_events              429820                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu08.rob.rob_reads                   12618386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu08.rob.rob_writes                  18796131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu08.timesIdled                           347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu08.idleCycles                          3757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu08.quiesceCycles                    1667978                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   3055691                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu08.committedOps                     5869077                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu08.cpi                             1.432474                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu08.cpi_total                       1.432474                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu08.ipc                             0.698093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu08.ipc_total                       0.698093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_reads               12614103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_writes               6907866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu08.fp_regfile_reads                  134099                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu08.fp_regfile_writes                  59269                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_reads                 4766829                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_writes                3387212                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_reads               4620410                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu09.branchPred.lookups               1383470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.condPredicted         1383470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu09.branchPred.condIncorrect           80105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBLookups            1127333                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHits               1107487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.239562                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu09.branchPred.usedRAS                  5665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu09.branchPred.RASInCorrect               95                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu09.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu09.numCycles                        4530330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1147825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu09.fetch.Insts                      5554510                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu09.fetch.Branches                   1383470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu09.fetch.predictedBranches          1113152                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu09.fetch.Cycles                     3294933                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu09.fetch.SquashCycles                160525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu09.fetch.MiscStallCycles                804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2009                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1293                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu09.fetch.CacheLines                 1125853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheSquashes               22732                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::samples          4527126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.354362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.865469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::0                2499526     55.21%     55.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::1                  59620      1.32%     56.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::2                  13733      0.30%     56.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::3                 307221      6.79%     63.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::4                 236324      5.22%     68.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::5                 497027     10.98%     79.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::6                 527749     11.66%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::7                  34590      0.76%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::8                 351336      7.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::total            4527126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.branchRate                0.305380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.fetch.rate                      1.226072                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.decode.IdleCycles                 907898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu09.decode.BlockedCycles             1760024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu09.decode.RunCycles                 1646314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu09.decode.UnblockCycles              132628                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu09.decode.SquashCycles                80262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu09.decode.DecodedInsts             10252615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.rename.SquashCycles                80262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu09.rename.IdleCycles                 976834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu09.rename.BlockCycles                870345                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu09.rename.serializeStallCycles        15771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu09.rename.RunCycles                 1673071                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu09.rename.UnblockCycles              910843                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedInsts              9971682                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu09.rename.ROBFullEvents                7058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu09.rename.IQFullEvents                50953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu09.rename.LQFullEvents               133453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu09.rename.SQFullEvents               690616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedOperands          12950829                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu09.rename.RenameLookups            24744076                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu09.rename.int_rename_lookups       13648381                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu09.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125923                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu09.rename.CommittedMaps             8027638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu09.rename.UndoneMaps                4923191                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu09.rename.serializingInsts              388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          416                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.skidInsts                  508501                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedLoads            1703820                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedStores             87018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingLoads           59765                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingStores           3661                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9487563                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1153                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9863019                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           22121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3266941                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3962373                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          336                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4527126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.178649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.281011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1830691     40.44%     40.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            425429      9.40%     49.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            330212      7.29%     57.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            565181     12.48%     69.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            483902     10.69%     80.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            447284      9.88%     90.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            264643      5.85%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            116535      2.57%     98.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             63249      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4527126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 36178     22.49%     22.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     22.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     22.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 168      0.10%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     22.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemRead               116261     72.26%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                8285      5.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           18065      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6982615     70.80%     70.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                247      0.00%     70.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 807      0.01%     70.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             42697      0.43%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2740078     27.78%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             78510      0.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::total              9863019                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.rate                         2.177108                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    160892                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.016313                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         24218880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12665516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8267272                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            217297                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            90219                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        89125                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.int_alu_accesses              9895156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_alu_accesses                110690                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          17676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       619296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           86                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1195467                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu09.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu09.iew.iewSquashCycles                80262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu09.iew.iewBlockCycles                537122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewUnblockCycles              277014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9488716                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1703820                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              87018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1801                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              270200                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           86                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55687                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30784                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.branchMispredicts              86471                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9675391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2683294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          187628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu09.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_refs                    2761175                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_branches                 994511                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_stores                    77881                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_rate                   2.135692                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu09.iew.wb_sent                      8390516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu09.iew.wb_count                     8356397                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_producers                 6993601                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_consumers                 9526056                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.iew.wb_rate                     1.844545                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu09.iew.wb_fanout                   0.734155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3265307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu09.commit.branchMispredicts           80164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      4048601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.536772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.707033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2610042     64.47%     64.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       394172      9.74%     74.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       146397      3.62%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       213726      5.28%     83.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71316      1.76%     84.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45080      1.11%     85.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        57230      1.41%     87.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45517      1.12%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       465121     11.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      4048601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committedInsts            3239393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.commit.committedOps              6221775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu09.commit.refs                      1156104                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu09.commit.loads                     1084524                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu09.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu09.commit.branches                   816253                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu09.commit.fp_insts                    89049                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.int_insts                 6138488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13169      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        5008881     80.51%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           191      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        42624      0.69%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       1084524     17.43%     98.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        71580      1.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::total         6221775                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.bw_lim_events              465121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu09.rob.rob_reads                   13070250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu09.rob.rob_writes                  19455148                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu09.timesIdled                           343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu09.idleCycles                          3204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu09.quiesceCycles                    1514713                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   3239393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu09.committedOps                     6221775                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu09.cpi                             1.398512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu09.cpi_total                       1.398512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu09.ipc                             0.715046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu09.ipc_total                       0.715046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_reads               13344587                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_writes               7222621                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu09.fp_regfile_reads                  124735                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu09.fp_regfile_writes                  53211                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_reads                 5009945                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_writes                3527319                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_reads               4945963                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu10.branchPred.lookups               1262231                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.condPredicted         1262231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu10.branchPred.condIncorrect           76101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBLookups            1020579                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHits                999407                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.925491                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu10.branchPred.usedRAS                  5563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu10.branchPred.RASInCorrect               86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu10.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.numCycles                        4243602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1055102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu10.fetch.Insts                      5119456                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu10.fetch.Branches                   1262231                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu10.fetch.predictedBranches          1004970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu10.fetch.Cycles                     3105839                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu10.fetch.SquashCycles                152513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu10.fetch.MiscStallCycles                733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1706                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1031                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu10.fetch.CacheLines                 1033930                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheSquashes               21992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::samples          4240667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.303692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.860588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::0                2387899     56.31%     56.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::1                  51579      1.22%     57.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::2                  12196      0.29%     57.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::3                 275903      6.51%     64.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::4                 225793      5.32%     69.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::5                 452459     10.67%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::6                 474529     11.19%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::7                  29603      0.70%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::8                 330706      7.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::total            4240667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.branchRate                0.297443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.fetch.rate                      1.206394                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.decode.IdleCycles                 829278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu10.decode.BlockedCycles             1712645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu10.decode.RunCycles                 1499998                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu10.decode.UnblockCycles              122490                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu10.decode.SquashCycles                76256                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu10.decode.DecodedInsts              9386849                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.rename.SquashCycles                76256                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu10.rename.IdleCycles                 893320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu10.rename.BlockCycles                841534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu10.rename.serializeStallCycles        15296                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu10.rename.RunCycles                 1523240                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu10.rename.UnblockCycles              891021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedInsts              9122837                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu10.rename.ROBFullEvents                6001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu10.rename.IQFullEvents                46707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu10.rename.LQFullEvents               121098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu10.rename.SQFullEvents               689759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedOperands          11838730                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu10.rename.RenameLookups            22638508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu10.rename.int_rename_lookups       12487446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu10.rename.fp_rename_lookups          124581                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu10.rename.CommittedMaps             7205307                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu10.rename.UndoneMaps                4633423                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu10.rename.serializingInsts              355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          371                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.skidInsts                  470709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedLoads            1570636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedStores             85627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingLoads           64514                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingStores           4869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsAdded                  8667128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1122                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsIssued                 8947459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           19492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3074158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3745186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4240667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.109918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.269761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1786109     42.12%     42.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            387822      9.15%     51.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            304913      7.19%     58.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            516938     12.19%     70.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            440680     10.39%     81.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            404478      9.54%     90.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            239594      5.65%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            104741      2.47%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             55392      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4240667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 29965     20.92%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     20.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 200      0.14%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemRead               104828     73.20%     94.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                8212      5.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           18451      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6336007     70.81%     71.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                243      0.00%     71.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 806      0.01%     71.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             42266      0.47%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2472542     27.63%     99.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             77144      0.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::total              8947459                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.rate                         2.108459                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    143205                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.016005                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         22085433                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        11653174                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7507098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            212849                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            89323                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        88256                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.int_alu_accesses              8963917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_alu_accesses                108296                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          17784                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       591113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          127                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1057068                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu10.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu10.iew.iewSquashCycles                76256                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu10.iew.iewBlockCycles                503915                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewUnblockCycles              276005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           8668250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1570636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              85627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              353                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              269294                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          127                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        52999                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29160                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.branchMispredicts              82159                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecutedInsts             8769020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2418741                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          178439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu10.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_refs                    2495387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_branches                 898089                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_stores                    76646                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_rate                   2.066410                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu10.iew.wb_sent                      7627631                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu10.iew.wb_count                     7595354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_producers                 6343696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_consumers                 8634748                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.iew.wb_rate                     1.789837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu10.iew.wb_fanout                   0.734671                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3072252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu10.commit.branchMispredicts           76148                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3787515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.476982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.663823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2482342     65.54%     65.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       364164      9.61%     75.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135701      3.58%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       189503      5.00%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66731      1.76%     85.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        44078      1.16%     86.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        47745      1.26%     87.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        41775      1.10%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       415476     10.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3787515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committedInsts            2929266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.commit.committedOps              5594092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu10.commit.refs                      1050463                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu10.commit.loads                      979523                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu10.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu10.commit.branches                   731237                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu10.commit.fp_insts                    88161                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.int_insts                 5510474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13134      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4487310     80.22%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           191      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        42188      0.75%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        979523     17.51%     98.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        70940      1.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::total         5594092                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.bw_lim_events              415476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu10.rob.rob_reads                   12038032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu10.rob.rob_writes                  17788175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu10.timesIdled                           332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu10.idleCycles                          2935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu10.quiesceCycles                    1801552                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   2929266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu10.committedOps                     5594092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu10.cpi                             1.448691                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu10.cpi_total                       1.448691                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu10.ipc                             0.690278                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu10.ipc_total                       0.690278                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_reads               12052944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_writes               6556747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu10.fp_regfile_reads                  123433                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu10.fp_regfile_writes                  52359                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_reads                 4528535                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_writes                3195619                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_reads               4475007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu11.branchPred.lookups               1229712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.condPredicted         1229712                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu11.branchPred.condIncorrect           76582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBLookups             994005                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHits                973467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.933813                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu11.branchPred.usedRAS                  5564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu11.branchPred.RASInCorrect               79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu11.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.numCycles                        4165627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1031742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu11.fetch.Insts                      4994469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu11.fetch.Branches                   1229712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu11.fetch.predictedBranches           979031                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu11.fetch.Cycles                     3050252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu11.fetch.SquashCycles                153561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu11.fetch.MiscStallCycles                891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2227                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          897                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu11.fetch.CacheLines                 1010602                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheSquashes               22356                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::samples          4162789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.289117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.858956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::0                2355160     56.58%     56.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::1                  52083      1.25%     57.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::2                  11576      0.28%     58.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::3                 271313      6.52%     64.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::4                 216813      5.21%     69.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::5                 440546     10.58%     80.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::6                 461408     11.08%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::7                  29612      0.71%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::8                 324278      7.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::total            4162789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.branchRate                0.295205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.fetch.rate                      1.198972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.decode.IdleCycles                 809389                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu11.decode.BlockedCycles             1696209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu11.decode.RunCycles                 1461201                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu11.decode.UnblockCycles              119210                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu11.decode.SquashCycles                76780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu11.decode.DecodedInsts              9146828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.rename.SquashCycles                76780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu11.rename.IdleCycles                 871907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu11.rename.BlockCycles                830465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu11.rename.serializeStallCycles        15849                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu11.rename.RunCycles                 1482888                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu11.rename.UnblockCycles              884900                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedInsts              8883614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu11.rename.ROBFullEvents                5932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu11.rename.IQFullEvents                41630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu11.rename.LQFullEvents               111787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu11.rename.SQFullEvents               697742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedOperands          11526531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu11.rename.RenameLookups            22035911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu11.rename.int_rename_lookups       12161519                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu11.rename.fp_rename_lookups          119810                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu11.rename.CommittedMaps             6885076                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu11.rename.UndoneMaps                4641455                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu11.rename.serializingInsts              372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.skidInsts                  452639                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedLoads            1524499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedStores             85804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingLoads           65146                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingStores           5016                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsAdded                  8424211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1140                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsIssued                 8631389                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           18734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3077138                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3753340                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          319                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4162789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.073463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.259253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1783546     42.84%     42.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            381070      9.15%     52.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            297537      7.15%     59.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            503796     12.10%     71.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            425172     10.21%     81.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            390865      9.39%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            228613      5.49%     96.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            100354      2.41%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             51836      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4162789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 29159     22.64%     22.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     22.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     22.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 142      0.11%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     22.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemRead                93638     72.70%     95.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                5862      4.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           18546      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6140920     71.15%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                233      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 806      0.01%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             40701      0.47%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2353678     27.27%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             76505      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::total              8631389                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.rate                         2.072050                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    128801                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.014922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         21380306                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        11416497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7264034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            192796                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            86092                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        85169                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.int_alu_accesses              8644199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 97445                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16938                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       592849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       986463                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu11.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu11.iew.iewSquashCycles                76780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu11.iew.iewBlockCycles                499539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewUnblockCycles              269781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           8425351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1524499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              85804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1658                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              263077                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53068                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29435                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.branchMispredicts              82503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecutedInsts             8451856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2299858                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          179533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu11.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_refs                    2375814                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_branches                 865697                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_stores                    75956                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_rate                   2.028952                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu11.iew.wb_sent                      7381635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu11.iew.wb_count                     7349203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_producers                 6132366                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_consumers                 8353470                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.iew.wb_rate                     1.764249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu11.iew.wb_fanout                   0.734110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3075866                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu11.commit.branchMispredicts           76672                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3708589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.442115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.635077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2450070     66.06%     66.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       356595      9.62%     75.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       132205      3.56%     79.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       182308      4.92%     84.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64759      1.75%     85.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        43998      1.19%     87.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        43643      1.18%     88.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        40688      1.10%     89.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       394323     10.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3708589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committedInsts            2800167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.commit.committedOps              5348213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu11.commit.refs                      1001383                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu11.commit.loads                      931650                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu11.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu11.commit.branches                   699182                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu11.commit.fp_insts                    85098                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.int_insts                 5266086                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13125      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4292069     80.25%     80.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           191      0.00%     80.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.02%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        40639      0.76%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        931650     17.42%     98.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        69733      1.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::total         5348213                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.bw_lim_events              394323                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu11.rob.rob_reads                   11738098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu11.rob.rob_writes                  17304817                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu11.timesIdled                           334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu11.idleCycles                          2838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu11.quiesceCycles                    1879438                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   2800167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu11.committedOps                     5348213                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu11.cpi                             1.487635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu11.cpi_total                       1.487635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu11.ipc                             0.672208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu11.ipc_total                       0.672208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_reads               11571390                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_writes               6347030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu11.fp_regfile_reads                  118792                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu11.fp_regfile_writes                  49244                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_reads                 4366345                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_writes                3088270                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_reads               4290035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu12.branchPred.lookups               1275771                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.condPredicted         1275771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu12.branchPred.condIncorrect           77747                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBLookups            1033631                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHits               1011996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.906893                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu12.branchPred.usedRAS                  5586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu12.branchPred.RASInCorrect               89                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu12.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.numCycles                        4278025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1069038                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu12.fetch.Insts                      5161932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu12.fetch.Branches                   1275771                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu12.fetch.predictedBranches          1017582                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu12.fetch.Cycles                     3123846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu12.fetch.SquashCycles                155831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu12.fetch.MiscStallCycles               1234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2441                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1079                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu12.fetch.CacheLines                 1047486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheSquashes               22460                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::samples          4275553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.306202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.858882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::0                2403773     56.22%     56.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::1                  52203      1.22%     57.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::2                  11906      0.28%     57.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::3                 281591      6.59%     64.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::4                 225539      5.28%     69.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::5                 458246     10.72%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::6                 481322     11.26%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::7                  29600      0.69%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::8                 331373      7.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::total            4275553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.branchRate                0.298215                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.fetch.rate                      1.206616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.decode.IdleCycles                 842008                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu12.decode.BlockedCycles             1715747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu12.decode.RunCycles                 1516878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu12.decode.UnblockCycles              123005                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu12.decode.SquashCycles                77915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu12.decode.DecodedInsts              9473830                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.rename.SquashCycles                77915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu12.rename.IdleCycles                 906609                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu12.rename.BlockCycles                847730                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu12.rename.serializeStallCycles        16043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu12.rename.RunCycles                 1539418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu12.rename.UnblockCycles              887838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedInsts              9203035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu12.rename.ROBFullEvents                5676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu12.rename.IQFullEvents                44268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu12.rename.LQFullEvents               114761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu12.rename.SQFullEvents               693871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedOperands          11942258                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu12.rename.RenameLookups            22833234                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu12.rename.int_rename_lookups       12593779                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu12.rename.fp_rename_lookups          119845                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu12.rename.CommittedMaps             7237168                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu12.rename.UndoneMaps                4705090                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu12.rename.serializingInsts              382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.skidInsts                  467766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedLoads            1581166                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedStores             84103                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingLoads           62363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingStores           4527                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsAdded                  8738739                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1131                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9005051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           19349                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3120417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3806308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          315                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4275553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.106172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.265726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1799542     42.09%     42.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            394766      9.23%     51.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            307822      7.20%     58.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            520603     12.18%     70.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            444384     10.39%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            409305      9.57%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            240163      5.62%     96.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            103951      2.43%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             55017      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4275553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 29568     21.74%     21.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     21.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     21.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 185      0.14%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     21.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemRead               100040     73.56%     95.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                6201      4.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           18394      0.20%      0.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6391229     70.97%     71.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                226      0.00%     71.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 806      0.01%     71.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             40633      0.45%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2478152     27.52%     99.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             75611      0.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::total              9005051                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.rate                         2.104955                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    135994                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.015102                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         22249839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        11774139                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7565060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            191159                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            86213                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        85037                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.int_alu_accesses              9026100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 96551                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16658                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       599473                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14925                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1054541                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu12.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu12.iew.iewSquashCycles                77915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu12.iew.iewBlockCycles                519992                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewUnblockCycles              273458                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           8739870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1581166                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              84103                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              380                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1685                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              266690                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53616                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.branchMispredicts              83737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecutedInsts             8823384                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2423320                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          181667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu12.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_refs                    2498377                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_branches                 904899                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_stores                    75057                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_rate                   2.062490                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu12.iew.wb_sent                      7683051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu12.iew.wb_count                     7650097                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_producers                 6390838                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_consumers                 8695654                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.iew.wb_rate                     1.788231                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu12.iew.wb_fanout                   0.734946                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3118647                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu12.commit.branchMispredicts           77830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3815894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.472644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.657691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2499723     65.51%     65.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       369629      9.69%     75.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       137097      3.59%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       191857      5.03%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66944      1.75%     85.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        44780      1.17%     86.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        47821      1.25%     88.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        42887      1.12%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       415156     10.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3815894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committedInsts            2938353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.commit.committedOps              5619453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu12.commit.refs                      1050871                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu12.commit.loads                      981693                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu12.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu12.commit.branches                   736323                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu12.commit.fp_insts                    84943                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.int_insts                 5537067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13115      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4513908     80.33%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           191      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        40562      0.72%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        981693     17.47%     98.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        69178      1.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::total         5619453                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.bw_lim_events              415156                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu12.rob.rob_reads                   12138487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu12.rob.rob_writes                  17938443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu12.timesIdled                           335                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu12.idleCycles                          2472                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu12.quiesceCycles                    1767217                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   2938353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu12.committedOps                     5619453                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu12.cpi                             1.455926                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu12.cpi_total                       1.455926                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu12.ipc                             0.686848                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu12.ipc_total                       0.686848                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_reads               12110336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_writes               6609944                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu12.fp_regfile_reads                  118586                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu12.fp_regfile_writes                  49119                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_reads                 4562269                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_writes                3217900                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_reads               4495165                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu13.branchPred.lookups               1329275                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.condPredicted         1329275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu13.branchPred.condIncorrect           77710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBLookups            1076893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHits               1056583                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.114019                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu13.branchPred.usedRAS                  5591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu13.branchPred.RASInCorrect               79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu13.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.numCycles                        4421441                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1112830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu13.fetch.Insts                      5357642                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu13.fetch.Branches                   1329275                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu13.fetch.predictedBranches          1062174                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu13.fetch.Cycles                     3224195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu13.fetch.SquashCycles                155783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu13.fetch.MiscStallCycles                787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2026                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          994                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu13.fetch.CacheLines                 1091477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheSquashes               22506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::samples          4418723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.319710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.857225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::0                2470688     55.91%     55.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::1                  52748      1.19%     57.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::2                  12773      0.29%     57.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::3                 294352      6.66%     64.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::4                 234598      5.31%     69.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::5                 479592     10.85%     80.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::6                 504942     11.43%     91.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::7                  29436      0.67%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::8                 339594      7.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::total            4418723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.branchRate                0.300643                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.fetch.rate                      1.211741                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.decode.IdleCycles                 877143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu13.decode.BlockedCycles             1754824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu13.decode.RunCycles                 1580856                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu13.decode.UnblockCycles              128009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu13.decode.SquashCycles                77891                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu13.decode.DecodedInsts              9855151                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.rename.SquashCycles                77891                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu13.rename.IdleCycles                 943777                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu13.rename.BlockCycles                866500                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu13.rename.serializeStallCycles        14715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu13.rename.RunCycles                 1606454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu13.rename.UnblockCycles              909386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedInsts              9585302                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu13.rename.ROBFullEvents                6825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu13.rename.IQFullEvents                49029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu13.rename.LQFullEvents               131114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu13.rename.SQFullEvents               694488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedOperands          12437638                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu13.rename.RenameLookups            23792186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu13.rename.int_rename_lookups       13117951                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu13.rename.fp_rename_lookups          119644                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu13.rename.CommittedMaps             7685863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu13.rename.UndoneMaps                4751775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu13.rename.serializingInsts              378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.skidInsts                  492755                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedLoads            1651772                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedStores             83898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingLoads           62565                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingStores           4400                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9121236                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9472297                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           19547                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3156583                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3826068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          299                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4418723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.143673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.270807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1818727     41.16%     41.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            414452      9.38%     50.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            319343      7.23%     57.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            546453     12.37%     70.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            466177     10.55%     80.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            430920      9.75%     90.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            255138      5.77%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            110440      2.50%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             57073      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4418723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 29461     20.35%     20.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     20.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     20.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 202      0.14%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     20.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemRead               109026     75.30%     95.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                6095      4.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           18413      0.19%      0.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6698919     70.72%     70.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                218      0.00%     70.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 806      0.01%     70.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             40625      0.43%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2637703     27.85%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             75613      0.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::total              9472297                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.rate                         2.142355                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    144784                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.015285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         23336341                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12192988                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7943324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            191307                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            86047                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        85004                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.int_alu_accesses              9501977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 96691                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          17306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       606735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          123                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14650                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1142872                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu13.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu13.iew.iewSquashCycles                77891                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu13.iew.iewBlockCycles                532841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewUnblockCycles              272171                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9122360                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1651772                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              83898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              375                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1654                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              265464                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          123                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53761                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29958                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.branchMispredicts              83719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9290994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2582964                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          181303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu13.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_refs                    2658074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_branches                 955755                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_stores                    75110                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_rate                   2.101350                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu13.iew.wb_sent                      8061710                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu13.iew.wb_count                     8028328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_producers                 6715029                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_consumers                 9131781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.iew.wb_rate                     1.815772                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu13.iew.wb_fanout                   0.735347                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3155398                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu13.commit.branchMispredicts           77786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3954707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.508526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.691136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2574733     65.11%     65.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       380834      9.63%     74.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       140659      3.56%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       200798      5.08%     83.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68865      1.74%     85.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45032      1.14%     86.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52453      1.33%     87.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        44771      1.13%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       446562     11.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3954707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committedInsts            3112538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.commit.committedOps              5965777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu13.commit.refs                      1114285                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu13.commit.loads                     1045037                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu13.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu13.commit.branches                   783476                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu13.commit.fp_insts                    84923                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.int_insts                 5883334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13105      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4796831     80.41%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           188      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        40562      0.68%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       1045037     17.52%     98.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        69248      1.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::total         5965777                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.bw_lim_events              446562                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu13.rob.rob_reads                   12629086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu13.rob.rob_writes                  18708682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu13.timesIdled                           337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu13.idleCycles                          2718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu13.quiesceCycles                    1623647                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   3112538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu13.committedOps                     5965777                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu13.cpi                             1.420526                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu13.cpi_total                       1.420526                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu13.ipc                             0.703965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu13.ipc_total                       0.703965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_reads               12802832                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_writes               6937671                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu13.fp_regfile_reads                  118541                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu13.fp_regfile_writes                  49109                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_reads                 4815959                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_writes                3376719                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_reads               4758115                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu14.branchPred.lookups               1371601                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.condPredicted         1371601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu14.branchPred.condIncorrect           81399                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBLookups            1114402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHits               1094217                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.188715                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu14.branchPred.usedRAS                  5507                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu14.branchPred.RASInCorrect               77                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu14.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.numCycles                        4540675                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.fetch.icacheStallCycles          1154186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu14.fetch.Insts                      5515089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu14.fetch.Branches                   1371601                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu14.fetch.predictedBranches          1099724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu14.fetch.Cycles                     3298452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu14.fetch.SquashCycles                163153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu14.fetch.MiscStallCycles                804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1906                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1118                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu14.fetch.CacheLines                 1131947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheSquashes               23717                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::samples          4538042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.328235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.855644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::0                2526909     55.68%     55.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::1                  55450      1.22%     56.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::2                  12510      0.28%     57.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::3                 307373      6.77%     63.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::4                 238400      5.25%     69.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::5                 497403     10.96%     80.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::6                 523889     11.54%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::7                  29772      0.66%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::8                 346336      7.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::total            4538042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.branchRate                0.302070                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.fetch.rate                      1.214597                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.decode.IdleCycles                 907666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu14.decode.BlockedCycles             1786432                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu14.decode.RunCycles                 1630124                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu14.decode.UnblockCycles              132244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu14.decode.SquashCycles                81576                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu14.decode.DecodedInsts             10157900                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.rename.SquashCycles                81576                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu14.rename.IdleCycles                 976780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu14.rename.BlockCycles                897278                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu14.rename.serializeStallCycles        15717                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu14.rename.RunCycles                 1655990                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu14.rename.UnblockCycles              910701                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedInsts              9875760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu14.rename.ROBFullEvents                5412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu14.rename.IQFullEvents                48280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu14.rename.LQFullEvents               129132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu14.rename.SQFullEvents               695287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedOperands          12818703                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu14.rename.RenameLookups            24509241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu14.rename.int_rename_lookups       13511458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu14.rename.fp_rename_lookups          118291                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu14.rename.CommittedMaps             7831464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu14.rename.UndoneMaps                4987239                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu14.rename.serializingInsts              388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          414                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.skidInsts                  504542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedLoads            1699877                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedStores             83801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingLoads           61839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingStores           4548                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsAdded                  9388370                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsIssued                 9717732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           20278                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       3311345                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4019777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          342                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      4538042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.141393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.264976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1863586     41.07%     41.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            428957      9.45%     50.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            328615      7.24%     57.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            564672     12.44%     70.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            478187     10.54%     80.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            443896      9.78%     90.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            262009      5.77%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            111713      2.46%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             56407      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       4538042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 29782     20.40%     20.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     20.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     20.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 201      0.14%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     20.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemRead               110145     75.46%     96.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                5840      4.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           18595      0.19%      0.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             6887742     70.88%     71.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                218      0.00%     71.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 810      0.01%     71.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             40187      0.41%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2694861     27.73%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             75319      0.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::total              9717732                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.rate                         2.140151                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    145968                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.015021                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         23953060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        12615844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8157075                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            186692                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            85117                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        84124                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.int_alu_accesses              9750908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 94197                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          16764                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       633962                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          126                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1158785                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu14.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu14.iew.iewSquashCycles                81576                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu14.iew.iewBlockCycles                563908                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewUnblockCycles              271131                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           9389529                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1699877                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              83801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1709                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              264371                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          126                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        56121                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31535                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.branchMispredicts              87656                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecutedInsts             9526332                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2636592                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          191400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu14.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_refs                    2711369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_branches                 979246                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_stores                    74777                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_rate                   2.097999                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu14.iew.wb_sent                      8276388                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu14.iew.wb_count                     8241199                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_producers                 6896680                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_consumers                 9372826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.iew.wb_rate                     1.814972                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu14.iew.wb_fanout                   0.735816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       3309658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu14.commit.branchMispredicts           81473                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      4052452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.499878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.683552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2638978     65.12%     65.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       394797      9.74%     74.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       145996      3.60%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       205089      5.06%     83.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70674      1.74%     85.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        44587      1.10%     86.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51555      1.27%     87.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45041      1.11%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       455735     11.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      4052452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committedInsts            3167628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.commit.committedOps              6078184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu14.commit.refs                      1134944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu14.commit.loads                     1065915                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu14.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu14.commit.branches                   798864                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu14.commit.fp_insts                    84055                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.int_insts                 5996756                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13101      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        4889013     80.44%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           188      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.01%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        40132      0.66%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       1065915     17.54%     98.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        69029      1.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::total         6078184                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.bw_lim_events              455735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu14.rob.rob_reads                   12984247                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu14.rob.rob_writes                  19263726                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu14.timesIdled                           341                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu14.idleCycles                          2633                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu14.quiesceCycles                    1504325                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu14.committedInsts                   3167628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu14.committedOps                     6078184                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu14.cpi                             1.433462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu14.cpi_total                       1.433462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu14.ipc                             0.697612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu14.ipc_total                       0.697612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_reads               13102507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_writes               7130359                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu14.fp_regfile_reads                  117239                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu14.fp_regfile_writes                  48237                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_reads                 4934340                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_writes                3465886                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_reads               4868922                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu15.branchPred.lookups               1120759                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.condPredicted         1120759                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu15.branchPred.condIncorrect           68658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBLookups             884922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHits                874857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.862612                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu15.branchPred.usedRAS                  5498                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu15.branchPred.RASInCorrect               89                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu15.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.numCycles                        3895726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.fetch.icacheStallCycles           936064                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu15.fetch.Insts                      4583345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu15.fetch.Branches                   1120759                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu15.fetch.predictedBranches           880355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu15.fetch.Cycles                     2883662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu15.fetch.SquashCycles                137627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu15.fetch.MiscStallCycles                780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2558                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1044                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu15.fetch.CacheLines                  916754                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheSquashes               19804                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::samples          3892921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.236507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.853377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::0                2250436     57.81%     57.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::1                  40374      1.04%     58.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::2                  11269      0.29%     59.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::3                 240885      6.19%     65.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::4                 207493      5.33%     70.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::5                 396080     10.17%     80.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::6                 415289     10.67%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::7                  29888      0.77%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::8                 301207      7.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::total            3892921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.branchRate                0.287689                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.fetch.rate                      1.176506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.decode.IdleCycles                 733300                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu15.decode.BlockedCycles             1655038                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu15.decode.RunCycles                 1324951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu15.decode.UnblockCycles              110819                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu15.decode.SquashCycles                68813                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu15.decode.DecodedInsts              8352952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.rename.SquashCycles                68813                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu15.rename.IdleCycles                 791129                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu15.rename.BlockCycles                797104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu15.rename.serializeStallCycles        16483                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu15.rename.RunCycles                 1346273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu15.rename.UnblockCycles              873119                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedInsts              8115201                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu15.rename.ROBFullEvents                5532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu15.rename.IQFullEvents                41159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu15.rename.LQFullEvents               108232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu15.rename.SQFullEvents               693921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedOperands          10507604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu15.rename.RenameLookups            20144536                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu15.rename.int_rename_lookups       11117487                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu15.rename.fp_rename_lookups          115179                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu15.rename.CommittedMaps             6375467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu15.rename.UndoneMaps                4132137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu15.rename.serializingInsts              364                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          388                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.skidInsts                  427646                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedLoads            1400082                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedStores             84348                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingLoads           65929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingStores           4596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsAdded                  7701372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              1154                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsIssued                 7916132                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           17660                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       2734958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3344068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          337                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3892921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.033468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      2.258124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           1714910     44.05%     44.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            347807      8.93%     52.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            272634      7.00%     59.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            459218     11.80%     71.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            385837      9.91%     81.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            356986      9.17%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            215542      5.54%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             96023      2.47%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             43964      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       3892921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 29630     24.27%     24.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     24.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     24.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 200      0.16%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     24.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemRead                87667     71.81%     96.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                4592      3.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           18770      0.24%      0.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             5612980     70.91%     71.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                210      0.00%     71.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 806      0.01%     71.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             39157      0.49%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            2168610     27.39%     99.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             75599      0.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::total              7916132                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.rate                         2.032004                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    122089                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.015423                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         19691101                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        10354497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6657164                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            173833                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            83059                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        82144                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.int_alu_accesses              7932205                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 87246                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          17579                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       531490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15406                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       913624                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu15.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu15.iew.iewSquashCycles                68813                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu15.iew.iewBlockCycles                462656                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewUnblockCycles              272864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           7702526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             1400082                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              84348                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              360                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 1552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              266380                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        47291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        26660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.branchMispredicts              73951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecutedInsts             7754694                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             2120156                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          161438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu15.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_refs                    2195187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_branches                 796806                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_stores                    75031                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_rate                   1.990565                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu15.iew.wb_sent                      6767726                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu15.iew.wb_count                     6739308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_producers                 5607215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_consumers                 7645881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.iew.wb_rate                     1.729924                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu15.iew.wb_fanout                   0.733364                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       2733417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu15.commit.branchMispredicts           68722                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3488353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.424044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.626942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2323429     66.61%     66.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       329091      9.43%     76.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122736      3.52%     79.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       165752      4.75%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59767      1.71%     86.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42407      1.22%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39086      1.12%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        38550      1.11%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       367535     10.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3488353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committedInsts            2608832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.commit.committedOps              4967568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu15.commit.refs                       937534                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu15.commit.loads                      868592                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu15.commit.membars                       558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu15.commit.branches                   649304                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu15.commit.fp_insts                    82067                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.int_insts                 4887217                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.function_calls               4795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13090      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        3976857     80.06%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           188      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            806      0.02%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        39093      0.79%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        868592     17.49%     98.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        68942      1.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::total         4967568                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.bw_lim_events              367535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu15.rob.rob_reads                   10821504                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu15.rob.rob_writes                  15808828                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu15.timesIdled                           329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu15.idleCycles                          2805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu15.quiesceCycles                    2149383                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu15.committedInsts                   2608832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu15.committedOps                     4967568                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu15.cpi                             1.493284                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu15.cpi_total                       1.493284                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu15.ipc                             0.669665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu15.ipc_total                       0.669665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_reads               10646409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_writes               5805959                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu15.fp_regfile_reads                  114196                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu15.fp_regfile_writes                  46195                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_reads                 4021559                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_writes                2825836                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_reads               3948737                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_writes                    1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5084132                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.193152                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 6.922595                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     5072019     99.76%     99.76% |        7993      0.16%     99.92% |        3425      0.07%     99.99% |         594      0.01%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5084132                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     40015344                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.365131                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      2.025654                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.427632                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    11734804     29.33%     29.33% |    22079958     55.18%     84.50% |     4617413     11.54%     96.04% |     1191953      2.98%     99.02% |      324900      0.81%     99.83% |       49078      0.12%     99.96% |       10197      0.03%     99.98% |        4645      0.01%     99.99% |        2396      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      40015344                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            40015343                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               2.950398                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.276742                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             10.631529                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39968833     99.88%     99.88% |       43422      0.11%     99.99% |         877      0.00%     99.99% |         207      0.00%     99.99% |        1074      0.00%    100.00% |         903      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              40015343                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        33701288                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.000722                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.000501                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.026871                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    33676963     99.93%     99.93% |       24316      0.07%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          33701288                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        6314055                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean         13.356801                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean         4.691045                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        24.243312                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     6267545     99.26%     99.26% |       43422      0.69%     99.95% |         877      0.01%     99.96% |         207      0.00%     99.97% |        1074      0.02%     99.99% |         903      0.01%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          6314055                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1405680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       102950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1508630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1158580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         6661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1165241                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2833                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.VertexCache.demand_hits       315794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.VertexCache.demand_misses         1184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.VertexCache.demand_accesses       316978                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         4420                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load         2069                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        31017                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          939                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1339167                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         30929                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1075914                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1156114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      1023864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1024055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2440                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.VertexCache.demand_hits       304725                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.VertexCache.demand_misses         1184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.VertexCache.demand_accesses       305909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         3615                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           25                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        26197                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store            9                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1158288                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         27102                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1018263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76774                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1095037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      1033725                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses          175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1033900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.VertexCache.atomic_execution         1886                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.VertexCache.demand_hits       313734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.VertexCache.demand_accesses       314902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         1518                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           50                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15868                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          644                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1055107                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        26351                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits       986538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        75306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1061844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      1010399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses          174                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1010573                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2214                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.VertexCache.demand_hits       301797                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.VertexCache.demand_accesses       302965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         1176                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           60                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         9041                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          689                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load       985076                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        26043                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1023498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1100859                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      1047277                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses          177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1047454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2187                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.VertexCache.demand_hits       319845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.VertexCache.demand_accesses       321013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         1172                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           30                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        12574                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          648                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1052776                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        27082                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1072198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1153031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      1091279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses          171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1091450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2165                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.VertexCache.demand_hits       335551                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.VertexCache.demand_accesses       336719                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         1222                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           57                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        10572                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          480                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1141567                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        28277                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1097916                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        83600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1181516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits      1131749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses          172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1131921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2471                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.VertexCache.demand_hits       346695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.VertexCache.demand_accesses       347863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         1155                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           78                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        10876                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          592                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1157158                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        29522                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits       908978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        69717                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       978695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits       916549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses          182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses       916731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2395                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.VertexCache.demand_hits       275262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.VertexCache.demand_accesses       276430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access          930                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           21                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        12652                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          586                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load       912063                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        23637                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1073867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80301                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1154168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1034099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses          195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1034294                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.VertexCache.atomic_execution         1961                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.VertexCache.demand_hits       306183                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.VertexCache.demand_misses         1184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.VertexCache.demand_accesses       307367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         4023                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           24                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        13390                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store           11                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1153197                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         26872                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1040304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1120581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      1016148                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses          192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1016340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2595                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.VertexCache.demand_hits       303920                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.VertexCache.demand_misses         1184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.VertexCache.demand_accesses       305104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         2809                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           70                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        13538                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store           15                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1069811                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles         27113                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1043683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1122678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      1023166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses          195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1023361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2325                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.VertexCache.demand_hits       304498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.VertexCache.demand_misses         1184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.VertexCache.demand_accesses       305682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         2309                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           72                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        14177                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store           10                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1063632                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles         26162                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1035106                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        79913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1115019                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      1012289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses          193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1012482                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.VertexCache.atomic_execution         1992                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.VertexCache.demand_hits       304740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.VertexCache.demand_misses         1172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.VertexCache.demand_accesses       305912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         2332                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           82                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18093                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store           10                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1072040                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles         26444                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1038329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76781                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1115110                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      1010334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1010524                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2004                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.VertexCache.demand_hits       309778                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.VertexCache.demand_accesses       310946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         2699                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           41                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        21364                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store            5                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1075927                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles         26917                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1033359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78715                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1112074                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      1017450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1017633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.VertexCache.atomic_execution         1895                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.VertexCache.demand_hits       303633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.VertexCache.demand_accesses       304801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         1996                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           56                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        16568                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store           16                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1058370                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles         26544                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1049573                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1128081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      1035602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses          185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1035787                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2349                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.VertexCache.demand_hits       311430                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.VertexCache.demand_accesses       312598                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         1528                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           39                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15342                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          397                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1061822                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.fully_busy_cycles         26544                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1109933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses        83419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1193352                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      1125639                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses          181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1125820                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.VertexCache.atomic_execution         2013                       # Number of cache atomic execution
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.VertexCache.demand_hits       341127                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.VertexCache.demand_misses         1168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.VertexCache.demand_accesses       342295                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.local_vertex_buffer_access         1524                       #  Number of accesses to read-only local buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           39                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        13900                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          194                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1194501                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.fully_busy_cycles         29348                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        62171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        21093                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83264                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           300                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        58468                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        21692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        80160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           649                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        58599                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        21559                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        80158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles          549                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        56341                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        21013                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        77354                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles           23                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        56978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        20678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        77656                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        57923                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        20636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        78559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles           17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        60758                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        20483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        81241                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles          141                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        57438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        21029                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        78467                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles           28                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        58400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        20792                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        79192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            47                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        63864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24000                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        87864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           611                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        62696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24876                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        87572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles          3341                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        60923                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        21125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        82048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles           101                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        61359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        20794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        82153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles            35                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        59281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        20935                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        80216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles           391                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        57706                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        20915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        78621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.fully_busy_cycles           249                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        57981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        20561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        78542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.fully_busy_cycles           234                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     8.675559                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       109611                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       234638                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         6954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2       252062                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       128284                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        83366                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        74763                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        17625                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        37767                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       876888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1877104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        55632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2016496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9236448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       666928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       598104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1269000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       302136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     6.527079                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0        80391                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       228888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         5737                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2       243205                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1        94486                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46337                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52743                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5423                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0       643128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1831104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        45896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1945640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6802992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       370696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       421944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       390456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     6.534213                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        80496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       228992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         5978                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2       243618                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        94833                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46171                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5285                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32470                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       643968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1831936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        47824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1948944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6827976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       369368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       417408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       380520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     6.468705                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0        80469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       224013                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         5472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2       238480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1        94728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44036                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50799                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5343                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31105                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       643752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1792104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        43776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1907840                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6820416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       352288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       406392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       384696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       248840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     6.400470                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        79190                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       223462                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         4930                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       237914                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        93469                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43214                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50785                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5179                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       633520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1787696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        39440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1903312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6729768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       345712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       406280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       372888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       248576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     6.473338                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0        80106                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       227474                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         4626                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2       241652                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        94206                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43415                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5419                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31325                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       640848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1819792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        37008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1933216                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6782832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       347320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       407344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       390168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       250600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     6.372086                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        76971                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       236534                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         4904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2       249650                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        89939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50217                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       615768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1892272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        39232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1997200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6475608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       350976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       401736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       385848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       253264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     6.393418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        78898                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       229273                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         4138                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       242574                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43166                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50468                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5247                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31790                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       631184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1834184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        33104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1940592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6633216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       345328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       403744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       377784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       254320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     6.403850                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0        78693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       229906                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         4071                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       243526                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92067                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43700                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51066                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5271                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0       629544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1839248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        32568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1948208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6628824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       349600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       408528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       379512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       257744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     6.846384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        83600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       258958                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         3796                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2       271633                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        95879                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47985                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2        54444                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        36691                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       668800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      2071664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        30368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2173064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6903288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       383880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       435552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       375624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       293528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     6.326949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        76949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       233858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         3743                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       246988                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        89599                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43523                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50705                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5071                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32702                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       615592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1870864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        29944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1975904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6451128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       348184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       405640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       365112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     6.159664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0        75480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       226671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         3648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       239066                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        87589                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41959                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48233                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5043                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31022                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0       603840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1813368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        29184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1912528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6306408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       335672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       385864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       363096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       248176                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     6.364176                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0        77538                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       238255                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         3641                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       251082                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        89702                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43369                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50098                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5076                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32577                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0       620304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1906040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        29128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2008656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6458544                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       346952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       400784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       365472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     6.645084                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0        81004                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       252211                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         3695                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       264698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46065                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52372                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5138                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0       648032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      2017688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        29560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2117584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6693624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       368520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       418976                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       369936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       279744                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     6.866073                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0        83772                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       264256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         3949                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2       276571                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        95324                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47715                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2        53514                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        36264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0       670176                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      2114048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        31592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2212568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6863328                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       381720                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       428112                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       382464                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       290112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     5.690734                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0        69899                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       201237                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         3664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       213760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81789                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40004                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2        46280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5079                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        28935                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0       559192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1609896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        29312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1710080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5888808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       320032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       370240                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       365688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       231480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     4.196311                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        92533                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12249                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82036                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39322                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52420                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5969                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33157                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       740264                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5906592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       314576                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       419360                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       429768                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       265256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     4.038394                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        89443                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12612                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78155                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39301                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52769                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5824                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33340                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       715544                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       100896                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5627160                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       314408                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       422152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       419328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       266720                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     4.011837                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        88460                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11855                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38164                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50997                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5598                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32414                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       707680                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5636304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       305312                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       407976                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       403056                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259312                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     4.383216                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        97139                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16140                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83644                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41965                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57836                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7579                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33147                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       777112                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       129120                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6022368                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       335720                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       462688                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       545688                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       265176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     4.349612                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        96822                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83058                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40456                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57923                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7437                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32924                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       774576                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5980176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       323648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       463384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       535464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       263392                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     4.127575                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        91316                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12258                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80834                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38587                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51780                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5641                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32774                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       730528                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        98064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5820048                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       308696                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       414240                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       406152                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       262192                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     4.145038                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        91402                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11754                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81179                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38607                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51416                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5866                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32658                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       731216                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94032                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5844888                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       308856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       411328                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       422352                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261264                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     4.053857                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        89445                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12147                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        79062                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38537                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51543                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5686                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32637                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       715560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97176                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5692464                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       308296                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       412344                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       409392                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261096                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     3.985905                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Control::0        87868                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11938                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77533                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38158                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51144                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5693                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32354                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Control::0       702944                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        95504                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5582376                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       305264                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       409152                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       409896                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       258832                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized     3.991717                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Control::0        87780                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11633                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77714                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38431                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51022                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5671                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32580                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Control::0       702240                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93064                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5595408                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       307448                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       408176                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       408312                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     4.031395                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0        89404                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12615                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78415                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38155                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51794                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5727                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32326                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0       715232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       100920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5645880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       305240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       414352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       412344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       258608                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.percent_links_utilized     3.929034                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Control::0        86607                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12119                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Response_Data::1        76142                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38381                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51421                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5582                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32605                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Control::0       692856                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96952                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5482224                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       307048                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       411368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       401904                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260840                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.percent_links_utilized     3.965941                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Control::0        86921                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11637                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Response_Data::1        76772                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38616                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51318                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5956                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32591                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Control::0       695368                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93096                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5527584                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       308928                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       410544                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       428832                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260728                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.percent_links_utilized     4.014018                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Control::0        87817                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11778                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77752                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39362                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52092                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5911                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33325                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Control::0       702536                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94224                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5598144                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       314896                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       416736                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425592                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       266600                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.percent_links_utilized     4.137962                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Control::0        90509                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11474                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39967                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52379                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6125                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33700                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Control::0       724072                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        91792                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5794920                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       319736                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       419032                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       441000                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       269600                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.percent_links_utilized     3.988435                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Control::0        87750                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12037                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77300                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38724                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51727                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5822                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32776                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Control::0       702000                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96296                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5565600                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       309792                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       413816                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       419184                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       262208                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.percent_links_utilized     1.520893                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Control::0        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Control::0       296248                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2666232                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.percent_links_utilized     1.521550                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Control::0        37047                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37047                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Control::0       296376                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2667384                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.percent_links_utilized     1.520893                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Control::0        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Control::0       296248                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2666232                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.percent_links_utilized     1.521263                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_count.Control::0        37040                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37040                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_bytes.Control::0       296320                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2666880                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.percent_links_utilized     4.908349                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Control::0      1441216                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1      1869313                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2        36473                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2087166                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1462394                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Response_Control::1       686315                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Response_Control::2       839581                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96087                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       525308                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Control::0     11529728                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1     14954504                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2       291784                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     16697328                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    105292368                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5490520                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6716648                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6918264                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4202464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         4323648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Vertex_Data      5717358                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      6244363                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4385895                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      4577688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       288261                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1575924                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         34589184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Vertex_Data     45738864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     49954904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    315784440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     36621504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     20754792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     12607392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    10.691256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       118871                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2631                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       133191                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       107563                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78804                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       950968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        21048                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1065528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7744536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       630432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     6.659861                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       109611                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       115767                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         4323                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       118871                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20721                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4562                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        74763                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        17625                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        37767                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       876888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       926136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        34584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       950968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1491912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       598104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1269000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       302136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     8.303588                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       115261                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2226                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       127944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80351                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42297                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       922088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        17808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1023552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5785272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       338376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     4.750570                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        80391                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       113627                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         3511                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       115261                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14135                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52743                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5423                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       643128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       909016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        28088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       922088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1017720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        32320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       421944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       390456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     8.313840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       113826                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1884                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       129792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80459                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42502                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       910608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        15072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1038336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5793048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       340016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     4.754586                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        80496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       115166                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         4094                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       113826                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14374                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3669                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5285                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32470                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       643968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       921328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        32752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       910608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1034928                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       417408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       380520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     8.253967                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       110623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2577                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       127857                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80438                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       884984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        20616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1022856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5791536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       318776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     4.683443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        80469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       113390                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2895                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       110623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4189                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50799                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5343                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31105                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       643752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       907120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        23160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       884984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1028880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       406392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       384696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       248840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     8.149023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       111883                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2429                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       126031                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        79174                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39161                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       895064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        19432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1008248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5700528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       313288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     4.651918                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        79190                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       111579                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       111883                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14295                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4053                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50785                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5179                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       633520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       892632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        20008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       895064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1029240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        32424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       406280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       372888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       248576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     8.249285                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       112979                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128673                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80082                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39798                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       903832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        16704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1029384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5765904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       318384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     4.697391                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        80106                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       114495                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2538                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       112979                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14124                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3617                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5419                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31325                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       640848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       915960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       903832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1016928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        28936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       407344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       390168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       250600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     8.087852                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       116992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2075                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       132658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        76955                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40303                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       935936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        16600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1061264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5540760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       322424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     4.656320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        76971                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       119542                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2829                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       116992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3569                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50217                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       615768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       956336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        22632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       935936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       934848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        28552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       401736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       385848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       253264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     8.166987                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       114272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128302                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78881                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39770                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       914176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        15872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1026416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5679432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       318160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     4.619849                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        78898                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       115001                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2154                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       114272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13247                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3396                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50468                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5247                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31790                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       631184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       920008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        17232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       914176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       953784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       403744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       377784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       254320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     8.156366                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       114966                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78589                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39713                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       919728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        19392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1028480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5658408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       317704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     4.651334                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        78693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       114940                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1647                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       114966                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13478                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3987                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51066                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5271                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       629544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       919520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        13176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       919728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       970416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        31896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       408528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       379512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       257744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     8.787279                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       131045                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2093                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       140588                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83511                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44447                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1048360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        16744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1124704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6012792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       355576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     4.905489                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        83600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       127913                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1703                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       131045                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3538                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        54444                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        36691                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       668800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1023304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        13624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1048360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       890496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        28304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       435552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       375624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       293528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     8.051989                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       117826                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1987                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       129162                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        76803                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40055                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       942608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        15896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1033296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5529816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       320440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     4.601910                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        76949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       116032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       117826                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12796                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3468                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50705                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5071                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32702                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       615592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       928256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        14048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       942608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       921312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       405640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       365112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     7.865437                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       113140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2300                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       125926                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        75322                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38282                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       905120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        18400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1007408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5423184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       306256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     4.453891                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        75480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       113531                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       113140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3677                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48233                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5043                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31022                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       603840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       908248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        10784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       905120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       883224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       385864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       363096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       248176                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     8.126984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       117937                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2310                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       133145                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77392                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39467                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       943496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        18480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1065160                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5572224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       315736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     4.601368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        77538                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       120318                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1331                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       117937                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12310                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3902                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50098                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5076                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32577                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       620304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       962544                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        10648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       943496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       886320                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        31216                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       400784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       365472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     8.517888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       126302                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2289                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       138396                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42321                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1010416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        18312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1107168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5821344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       338568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     4.772280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        81004                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       125909                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1406                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       126302                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12115                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52372                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5138                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       648032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1007272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        11248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1010416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       872280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       418976                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       369936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       279744                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     8.832203                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       131815                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2625                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       144756                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83614                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43519                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1054520                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        21000                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1158048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6020208                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       348152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     4.899944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        83772                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       132441                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1324                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       131815                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11710                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4196                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        53514                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        36264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       670176                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1059528                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        10592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1054520                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       843120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       428112                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       382464                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       290112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     7.228609                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       101575                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2551                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       112185                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69742                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36029                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       812600                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        20408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       897480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5021424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       288232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     4.152858                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        69899                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1        99662                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1113                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       101575                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3975                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        46280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5079                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        28935                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       559192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       797296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2         8904                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       812600                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       867384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        31800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       370240                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       365688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       231480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     2.625985                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        83264                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52420                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5969                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33157                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       666112                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       777024                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       419360                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       429768                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       265256                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     5.766637                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9269                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12249                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        71244                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39322                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5129568                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       314576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     2.575583                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        80160                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10541                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52769                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5824                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33340                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       641280                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       758952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       422152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       419328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       266720                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     5.501204                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9283                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12612                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        67614                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39301                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74264                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       100896                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4868208                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       314408                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     2.545396                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        79192                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10766                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50997                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5598                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32414                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       633536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       775152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       407976                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       403056                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259312                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     5.478279                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9268                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11855                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        67516                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38164                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74144                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4861152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       305312                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     2.897578                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        87864                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11744                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57836                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7579                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33147                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       702912                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       845568                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       462688                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       545688                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       265176                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     5.868854                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9275                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16140                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        71900                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41965                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74200                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       129120                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5176800                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       335720                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     2.843866                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        87572                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11207                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57923                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7437                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32924                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       700576                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       806904                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       463384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       535464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       263392                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     5.855358                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9250                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        71851                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40456                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74000                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5173272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       323648                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     2.585046                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        82048                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10815                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51780                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5641                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32774                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       656384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       778680                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       414240                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       406152                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       262192                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     5.670104                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9268                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12258                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70019                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38587                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74144                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        98064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5041368                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       308696                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     2.586697                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        82153                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10654                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51416                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5866                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32658                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       657224                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       767088                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       411328                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       422352                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261264                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     5.703379                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9249                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11754                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70525                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38607                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        73992                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94032                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5077800                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       308856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     2.566630                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        80216                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10766                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51543                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5686                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32637                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       641728                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       775152                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       412344                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       409392                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261096                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     5.541084                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9229                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12147                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        68296                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38537                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        73832                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97176                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4917312                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       308296                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     2.542899                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        78621                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10691                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51144                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5693                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32354                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       628968                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       769752                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       409152                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       409896                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       258832                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     5.428911                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9247                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11938                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66842                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38158                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        73976                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        95504                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4812624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       305264                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization     2.540295                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        78542                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10675                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51022                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5671                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32580                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       628336                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       768600                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       408176                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       408312                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260640                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization     5.443138                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9238                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11633                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        67039                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38431                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        73904                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93064                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4826808                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       307448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     2.561742                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        80158                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51794                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5727                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32326                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       641264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       768384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       414352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       412344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       258608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization     5.501048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9246                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12615                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        67743                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38155                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        73968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       100920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4877496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       305240                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.link_utilization     2.532393                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        77354                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10742                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51421                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5582                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32605                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       618832                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       773424                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       411368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       401904                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260840                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.link_utilization     5.325676                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9253                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12119                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        65400                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38381                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74024                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96952                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4708800                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       307048                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.link_utilization     2.550916                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        77656                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10598                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51318                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5956                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32591                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       621248                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       763056                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       410544                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       428832                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260728                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.link_utilization     5.380965                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9265                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11637                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66174                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38616                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74120                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93096                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4764528                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       308928                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.link_utilization     2.574712                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        78559                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10697                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52092                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5911                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33325                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       628472                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       770184                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       416736                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425592                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       266600                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.link_utilization     5.453324                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9258                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11778                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        67055                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39362                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74064                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94224                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4827960                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       314896                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.link_utilization     2.610904                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        81241                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10601                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52379                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6125                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33700                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       649928                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       763272                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       419032                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       441000                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       269600                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.link_utilization     5.665019                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9268                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11474                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69884                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39967                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74144                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        91792                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5031648                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       319736                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.link_utilization     2.560461                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        78467                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10705                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51727                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5822                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32776                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       627736                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       770760                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       413816                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       419184                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       262208                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.link_utilization     5.416409                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9283                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12037                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66595                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38724                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74264                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96296                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4794840                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       309792                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.link_utilization     0.304179                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       296248                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.link_utilization     2.737607                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2666232                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.link_utilization     0.304310                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        37047                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       296376                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.link_utilization     2.738790                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37047                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2667384                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.link_utilization     0.304179                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       296248                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.link_utilization     2.737607                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2666232                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle0.link_utilization     0.304253                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        37040                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       296320                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.link_utilization     2.738273                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37040                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2666880                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.link_utilization    10.691256                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       118871                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2631                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       133191                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       107563                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78804                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       950968                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        21048                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1065528                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7744536                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       630432                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.link_utilization     8.303588                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       115261                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2226                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       127944                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80351                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42297                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       922088                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        17808                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1023552                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5785272                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       338376                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.link_utilization     8.313840                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       113826                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1884                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2       129792                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80459                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42502                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       910608                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        15072                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1038336                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5793048                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       340016                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.link_utilization     8.253967                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       110623                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2577                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2       127857                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80438                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39847                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       884984                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        20616                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1022856                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5791536                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       318776                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.link_utilization     8.149023                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       111883                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2429                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       126031                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        79174                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39161                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       895064                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        19432                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1008248                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5700528                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       313288                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.link_utilization     8.249285                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       112979                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128673                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80082                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39798                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       903832                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        16704                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1029384                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5765904                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       318384                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.link_utilization     8.087852                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       116992                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2075                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2       132658                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        76955                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40303                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       935936                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        16600                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1061264                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5540760                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       322424                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.link_utilization     8.166987                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       114272                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1984                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128302                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78881                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39770                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       914176                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        15872                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1026416                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5679432                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       318160                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.link_utilization     8.156366                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       114966                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2424                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128560                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78589                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39713                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       919728                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        19392                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1028480                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5658408                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       317704                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.link_utilization     8.787279                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       131045                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2093                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       140588                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83511                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44447                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1048360                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        16744                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1124704                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6012792                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       355576                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.link_utilization     8.051989                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       117826                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         1987                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       129162                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        76803                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40055                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       942608                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        15896                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1033296                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5529816                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       320440                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.link_utilization     7.865437                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       113140                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2300                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       125926                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        75322                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38282                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       905120                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        18400                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1007408                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5423184                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       306256                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.link_utilization     8.126984                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       117937                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2310                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       133145                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77392                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39467                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       943496                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        18480                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1065160                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5572224                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       315736                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.link_utilization     8.517888                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       126302                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2289                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       138396                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80852                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42321                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1010416                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        18312                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1107168                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5821344                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       338568                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.link_utilization     8.832203                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       131815                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2625                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2       144756                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83614                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43519                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1      1054520                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        21000                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1158048                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6020208                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       348152                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.link_utilization     7.228609                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_count.Vertex_Data::1       101575                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_count.Vertex_Data::2         2551                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       112185                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69742                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36029                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::1       812600                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_bytes.Vertex_Data::2        20408                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       897480                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5021424                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       288232                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.link_utilization     2.625985                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        83264                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10792                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52420                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5969                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33157                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       666112                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       777024                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       419360                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       429768                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       265256                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.link_utilization     2.575583                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        80160                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10541                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52769                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5824                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33340                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       641280                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       758952                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       422152                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       419328                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       266720                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.link_utilization     2.545396                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        79192                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10766                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50997                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5598                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32414                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       633536                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       775152                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       407976                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       403056                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259312                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.link_utilization     2.897578                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        87864                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11744                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57836                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7579                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33147                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       702912                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       845568                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       462688                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       545688                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       265176                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.link_utilization     2.843866                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        87572                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11207                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57923                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7437                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32924                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       700576                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       806904                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       463384                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       535464                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       263392                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.link_utilization     2.585046                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        82048                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10815                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51780                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5641                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32774                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       656384                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       778680                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       414240                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       406152                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       262192                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.link_utilization     2.586697                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        82153                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10654                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51416                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5866                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32658                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       657224                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       767088                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       411328                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       422352                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261264                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.link_utilization     2.566630                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        80216                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10766                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51543                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5686                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32637                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       641728                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       775152                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       412344                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       409392                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261096                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.link_utilization     2.542899                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_count.Control::0        78621                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10691                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51144                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5693                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32354                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_bytes.Control::0       628968                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       769752                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       409152                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       409896                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       258832                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.link_utilization     2.540295                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_count.Control::0        78542                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10675                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51022                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5671                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32580                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_bytes.Control::0       628336                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       768600                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       408176                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       408312                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle25.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260640                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.link_utilization     2.561742                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_count.Control::0        80158                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10672                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51794                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5727                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32326                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_bytes.Control::0       641264                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       768384                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       414352                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       412344                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       258608                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.link_utilization     2.532393                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_count.Control::0        77354                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10742                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51421                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5582                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32605                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_bytes.Control::0       618832                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       773424                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       411368                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       401904                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle27.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260840                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.link_utilization     2.550916                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_count.Control::0        77656                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10598                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51318                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5956                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32591                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_bytes.Control::0       621248                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       763056                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       410544                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       428832                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle28.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       260728                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.link_utilization     2.574712                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_count.Control::0        78559                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10697                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52092                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5911                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33325                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_bytes.Control::0       628472                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       770184                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       416736                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425592                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle29.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       266600                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.link_utilization     2.610904                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_count.Control::0        81241                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10601                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_count.Response_Control::2        52379                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6125                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33700                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_bytes.Control::0       649928                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       763272                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       419032                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       441000                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle30.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       269600                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.link_utilization     2.560461                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_count.Control::0        78467                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10705                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51727                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5822                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32776                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_bytes.Control::0       627736                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       770760                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       413816                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       419184                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle31.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       262208                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle32.link_utilization     0.304179                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle32.msg_count.Control::0        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle32.msg_bytes.Control::0       296248                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle33.link_utilization     0.304310                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle33.msg_count.Control::0        37047                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle33.msg_bytes.Control::0       296376                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle34.link_utilization     0.304179                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle34.msg_count.Control::0        37031                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle34.msg_bytes.Control::0       296248                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle35.link_utilization     0.304253                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle35.msg_count.Control::0        37040                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle35.msg_bytes.Control::0       296320                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       2754043                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.584972                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.944054                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2753032     99.96%     99.96% |         488      0.02%     99.98% |         220      0.01%     99.99% |         204      0.01%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         2754043                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2112236                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         2.106472                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.674328                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2089770     98.94%     98.94% |       11364      0.54%     99.47% |        4646      0.22%     99.69% |        2859      0.14%     99.83% |        2174      0.10%     99.93% |        1031      0.05%     99.98% |         330      0.02%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2112236                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        217853                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.026348                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.405971                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      216611     99.43%     99.43% |         500      0.23%     99.66% |         251      0.12%     99.77% |         226      0.10%     99.88% |         167      0.08%     99.96% |          67      0.03%     99.99% |          30      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          217853                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::samples      2986736                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::mean     1.002833                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::gmean     1.001966                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::stdev     0.053165                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2978276     99.72%     99.72% |        8458      0.28%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::total      2986736                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::samples      2986736                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::mean     1.002833                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::gmean     1.001966                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::stdev     0.053165                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2978276     99.72%     99.72% |        8458      0.28%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::total      2986736                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::samples       128196                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::mean     1.032817                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::gmean     1.023008                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::stdev     0.178158                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123989     96.72%     96.72% |        4207      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.latency_hist::total       128196                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::samples       128196                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::mean     1.032817                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::gmean     1.023008                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::stdev     0.178158                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123989     96.72%     96.72% |        4207      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Local.miss_latency_hist::total       128196                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::samples      1869313                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::mean    18.369161                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::gmean    18.332001                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::stdev     1.280493                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1845084     98.70%     98.70% |       23342      1.25%     99.95% |         857      0.05%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::total      1869313                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::samples      1869313                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::mean    18.369161                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::gmean    18.332001                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::stdev     1.280493                      
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1845084     98.70%     98.70% |       23342      1.25%     99.95% |         857      0.05%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::total      1869313                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::samples        33239                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::mean    18.336954                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::gmean    18.302909                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::stdev     1.252834                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       32830     98.77%     98.77% |         388      1.17%     99.94% |          15      0.05%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.latency_hist::total        33239                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::samples        33239                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::mean    18.336954                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::gmean    18.302909                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::stdev     1.252834                      
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       32830     98.77%     98.77% |         388      1.17%     99.94% |          15      0.05%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST_Vertex_Remote.miss_latency_hist::total        33239                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.latency_hist::samples          271                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         271    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.latency_hist::total          271                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.miss_latency_hist::samples          271                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.miss_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.miss_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         271    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Local.miss_latency_hist::total          271                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.latency_hist::samples         3234                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.latency_hist::mean    18.140383                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.latency_hist::gmean    18.112739                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.latency_hist::stdev     1.257734                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3212     99.32%     99.32% |          15      0.46%     99.78% |           4      0.12%     99.91% |           2      0.06%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.latency_hist::total         3234                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.miss_latency_hist::samples         3234                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.miss_latency_hist::mean    18.140383                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.miss_latency_hist::gmean    18.112739                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.miss_latency_hist::stdev     1.257734                      
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3212     99.32%     99.32% |          15      0.46%     99.78% |           4      0.12%     99.91% |           2      0.06%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.CHECK_ACTIVEVERTEX_Remote.miss_latency_hist::total         3234                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         17098983                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            2.538768                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.199823                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          10.227621                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    17074285     99.86%     99.86% |       23385      0.14%     99.99% |         354      0.00%     99.99% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |         402      0.00%    100.00% |         368      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           17098983                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     16093057                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.001418                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.000983                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.037637                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16070252     99.86%     99.86% |       22797      0.14%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       16093057                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1005926                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean      27.133685                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     21.778498                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     33.694901                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      981228     97.54%     97.54% |       23385      2.32%     99.87% |         354      0.04%     99.90% |         170      0.02%     99.92% |         402      0.04%     99.96% |         368      0.04%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1005926                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          1184169                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           15.779094                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           2.435406                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          39.424688                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     1165689     98.44%     98.44% |       17171      1.45%     99.89% |          95      0.01%     99.90% |          16      0.00%     99.90% |         661      0.06%     99.95% |         529      0.04%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            1184169                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples       911058                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.001616                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.001120                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.040191                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      909587     99.84%     99.84% |        1470      0.16%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total         911058                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       273111                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean      65.074581                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean     47.260079                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     59.839249                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      254631     93.23%     93.23% |       17171      6.29%     99.52% |          95      0.03%     99.56% |          16      0.01%     99.56% |         661      0.24%     99.80% |         529      0.19%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        273111                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     16697565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.033832                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.002076                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       2.021896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    16696246     99.99%     99.99% |        1253      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       16697565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     16688149                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000003                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16688103    100.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     16688149                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples         9416                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    60.990654                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    39.413415                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.439791                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |        8097     85.99%     85.99% |        1253     13.31%     99.30% |          28      0.30%     99.60% |          21      0.22%     99.82% |          11      0.12%     99.94% |           6      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total         9416                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples         1553                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      5.716033                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.375882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    24.593942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |        1524     98.13%     98.13% |          13      0.84%     98.97% |           9      0.58%     99.55% |           2      0.13%     99.68% |           3      0.19%     99.87% |           2      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total         1553                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples         1415                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.002120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.001471                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.046012                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1412     99.79%     99.79% |           3      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total         1415                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples          138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    54.050725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    35.726860                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.340134                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |         109     78.99%     78.99% |          13      9.42%     88.41% |           9      6.52%     94.93% |           2      1.45%     96.38% |           3      2.17%     98.55% |           2      1.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total          138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples         6042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean    91.787984                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean    27.886869                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    90.732747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |        3042     50.35%     50.35% |        1003     16.60%     66.95% |         840     13.90%     80.85% |         762     12.61%     93.46% |         394      6.52%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total         6042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples         1567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1567    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total         1567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         4475                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   123.578994                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.440028                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.958962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |        1475     32.96%     32.96% |        1003     22.41%     55.37% |         840     18.77%     74.15% |         762     17.03%     91.17% |         394      8.80%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         4475                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples         6042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6042    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total         6042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples         6042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6042    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total         6042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       37031     25.00%     25.00% |       37047     25.01%     50.00% |       37031     25.00%     75.00% |       37040     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       148149                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       37031     25.00%     25.00% |       37047     25.01%     50.00% |       37031     25.00%     75.00% |       37040     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       148149                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       37031     25.00%     25.00% |       37047     25.01%     50.00% |       37031     25.00%     75.00% |       37040     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       148149                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       37031     25.00%     25.00% |       37047     25.01%     50.00% |       37031     25.00%     75.00% |       37040     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       148149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1275863      7.46%      7.46% |     1084372      6.34%     13.80% |     1083077      6.33%     20.14% |     1051067      6.15%     26.28% |     1054425      6.17%     32.45% |     1046349      6.12%     38.57% |     1047765      6.13%     44.70% |     1045444      6.11%     50.81% |     1062102      6.21%     57.02% |     1132620      6.62%     63.65% |     1035325      6.05%     69.70% |     1002555      5.86%     75.57% |     1041856      6.09%     81.66% |     1093983      6.40%     88.06% |     1122551      6.57%     94.62% |      919639      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     17098993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1165246      6.98%      6.98% |     1024055      6.13%     13.11% |     1034294      6.19%     19.31% |     1016340      6.09%     25.39% |     1023361      6.13%     31.52% |     1012482      6.06%     37.58% |     1010524      6.05%     43.64% |     1017633      6.09%     49.73% |     1035787      6.20%     55.93% |     1125820      6.74%     62.68% |     1033900      6.19%     68.87% |     1010573      6.05%     74.92% |     1047454      6.27%     81.19% |     1091450      6.54%     87.73% |     1131921      6.78%     94.51% |      916731      5.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     16697571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      232774     19.43%     19.43% |       71743      5.99%     25.42% |       71091      5.94%     31.36% |       69514      5.80%     37.16% |       68253      5.70%     42.86% |       68670      5.73%     48.59% |       67345      5.62%     54.21% |       66630      5.56%     59.78% |       65979      5.51%     65.29% |       60732      5.07%     70.36% |       59712      4.99%     75.34% |       59290      4.95%     80.29% |       59003      4.93%     85.22% |       59048      4.93%     90.15% |       58965      4.92%     95.07% |       59057      4.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      1197806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1931      7.69%      7.69% |        1814      7.22%     14.91% |        1785      7.11%     22.02% |        1612      6.42%     28.44% |        1624      6.47%     34.91% |        1529      6.09%     41.00% |        1494      5.95%     46.95% |        1412      5.62%     52.57% |        1563      6.22%     58.80% |        1445      5.75%     64.55% |        1481      5.90%     70.45% |        1377      5.48%     75.94% |        1592      6.34%     82.28% |        1455      5.79%     88.07% |        1571      6.26%     94.33% |        1424      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        25109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      101146      8.60%      8.60% |       72909      6.20%     14.80% |       72696      6.18%     20.98% |       72520      6.17%     27.15% |       71436      6.07%     33.22% |       72324      6.15%     39.37% |       70099      5.96%     45.33% |       71922      6.12%     51.45% |       71369      6.07%     57.52% |       76736      6.52%     64.04% |       69725      5.93%     69.97% |       68947      5.86%     75.83% |       70489      5.99%     81.83% |       74101      6.30%     88.13% |       76830      6.53%     94.66% |       62809      5.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1176058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       10265      6.10%      6.10% |       10871      6.46%     12.56% |       11308      6.72%     19.29% |       11420      6.79%     26.07% |       11361      6.75%     32.83% |       11174      6.64%     39.47% |       10260      6.10%     45.57% |       10531      6.26%     51.83% |       10636      6.32%     58.15% |       10092      6.00%     64.15% |       10502      6.24%     70.39% |        9769      5.81%     76.20% |       10160      6.04%     82.24% |        9949      5.91%     88.15% |        9778      5.81%     93.97% |       10151      6.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       168227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5225     21.32%     21.32% |        1631      6.65%     27.97% |        1533      6.25%     34.22% |        1435      5.85%     40.08% |        1467      5.98%     46.06% |        1475      6.02%     52.08% |        1362      5.56%     57.63% |        1358      5.54%     63.17% |        1421      5.80%     68.97% |        1138      4.64%     73.61% |        1147      4.68%     78.29% |        1249      5.10%     83.39% |        1075      4.39%     87.77% |        1083      4.42%     92.19% |         966      3.94%     96.13% |         948      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        24513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        2353     51.21%     51.21% |         182      3.96%     55.17% |         175      3.81%     58.98% |         160      3.48%     62.46% |         157      3.42%     65.88% |         159      3.46%     69.34% |         159      3.46%     72.80% |         215      4.68%     77.48% |          77      1.68%     79.15% |         200      4.35%     83.50% |          55      1.20%     84.70% |         204      4.44%     89.14% |          52      1.13%     90.27% |         196      4.27%     94.54% |          53      1.15%     95.69% |         198      4.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       39186      7.29%      7.29% |       33690      6.27%     13.56% |       33302      6.20%     19.76% |       31901      5.94%     25.70% |       32002      5.96%     31.65% |       32248      6.00%     37.65% |       32481      6.04%     43.70% |       32659      6.08%     49.78% |       33026      6.15%     55.92% |       37398      6.96%     62.88% |       33406      6.22%     69.10% |       31733      5.91%     75.01% |       33069      6.15%     81.16% |       35406      6.59%     87.75% |       36593      6.81%     94.56% |       29240      5.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       537340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        3723     15.19%     15.19% |        2021      8.24%     23.43% |        1523      6.21%     29.64% |        1454      5.93%     35.57% |        1647      6.72%     42.29% |        1466      5.98%     48.27% |        1532      6.25%     54.52% |        1500      6.12%     60.64% |        1459      5.95%     66.59% |        1269      5.18%     71.76% |        1216      4.96%     76.72% |        1103      4.50%     81.22% |        1140      4.65%     85.87% |        1198      4.89%     90.76% |        1126      4.59%     95.35% |        1140      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        24517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       62301      8.61%      8.61% |       44458      6.15%     14.76% |       45459      6.29%     21.05% |       46923      6.49%     27.53% |       45368      6.27%     33.81% |       46209      6.39%     40.19% |       42783      5.92%     46.11% |       44507      6.15%     52.26% |       44027      6.09%     58.35% |       44644      6.17%     64.52% |       42126      5.82%     70.35% |       42282      5.85%     76.19% |       43131      5.96%     82.16% |       44052      6.09%     88.25% |       45842      6.34%     94.59% |       39164      5.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       723276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       14689     71.60%     71.60% |         397      1.94%     73.54% |         441      2.15%     75.69% |         313      1.53%     77.22% |         236      1.15%     78.37% |         333      1.62%     79.99% |         282      1.37%     81.36% |         347      1.69%     83.06% |         396      1.93%     84.99% |         547      2.67%     87.65% |         325      1.58%     89.24% |         507      2.47%     91.71% |         285      1.39%     93.10% |         461      2.25%     95.34% |         408      1.99%     97.33% |         547      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        20514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4400     55.46%     55.46% |         222      2.80%     58.26% |         212      2.67%     60.94% |         191      2.41%     63.34% |         173      2.18%     65.52% |         183      2.31%     67.83% |         175      2.21%     70.04% |         232      2.92%     72.96% |         181      2.28%     75.24% |         289      3.64%     78.89% |         201      2.53%     81.42% |         362      4.56%     85.98% |         198      2.50%     88.48% |         348      4.39%     92.87% |         211      2.66%     95.53% |         355      4.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         7933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       55392      8.91%      8.91% |       38167      6.14%     15.06% |       37755      6.08%     21.13% |       36448      5.87%     27.00% |       36251      5.83%     32.83% |       36744      5.91%     38.74% |       37017      5.96%     44.70% |       37037      5.96%     50.66% |       37489      6.03%     56.70% |       41908      6.74%     63.44% |       37773      6.08%     69.52% |       36065      5.80%     75.32% |       37653      6.06%     81.38% |       40106      6.45%     87.84% |       41576      6.69%     94.53% |       34014      5.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       621395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       70772      7.16%      7.16% |       61956      6.27%     13.43% |       61805      6.25%     19.68% |       61687      6.24%     25.92% |       60713      6.14%     32.07% |       61562      6.23%     38.29% |       59417      6.01%     44.30% |       61267      6.20%     50.50% |       60756      6.15%     56.65% |       66471      6.73%     63.38% |       59540      6.02%     69.40% |       58779      5.95%     75.35% |       60338      6.10%     81.45% |       63954      6.47%     87.92% |       66689      6.75%     94.67% |       52699      5.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       988405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        6661     70.73%     70.73% |         191      2.03%     72.76% |         195      2.07%     74.83% |         192      2.04%     76.87% |         195      2.07%     78.94% |         193      2.05%     80.99% |         190      2.02%     83.01% |         183      1.94%     84.95% |         185      1.96%     86.92% |         181      1.92%     88.84% |         175      1.86%     90.70% |         174      1.85%     92.55% |         177      1.88%     94.42% |         171      1.82%     96.24% |         172      1.83%     98.07% |         182      1.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         9417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       24225     13.08%     13.08% |       11198      6.05%     19.13% |       11137      6.01%     25.14% |       11076      5.98%     31.12% |       10963      5.92%     37.04% |       11005      5.94%     42.98% |       10927      5.90%     48.88% |       10903      5.89%     54.77% |       10864      5.87%     60.63% |       10515      5.68%     66.31% |       10434      5.63%     71.94% |       10421      5.63%     77.57% |       10401      5.62%     83.18% |       10397      5.61%     88.80% |       10390      5.61%     94.41% |       10358      5.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       185214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         798     12.36%     12.36% |         536      8.30%     20.66% |         567      8.78%     29.45% |         440      6.82%     36.26% |         406      6.29%     42.55% |         383      5.93%     48.48% |         372      5.76%     54.24% |         285      4.41%     58.66% |         396      6.13%     64.79% |         283      4.38%     69.18% |         393      6.09%     75.26% |         266      4.12%     79.38% |         398      6.16%     85.55% |         263      4.07%     89.62% |         416      6.44%     96.07% |         254      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         6456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         324      1.85%      1.85% |        1212      6.92%      8.77% |        1145      6.54%     15.30% |        1146      6.54%     21.84% |        1146      6.54%     28.38% |        1147      6.55%     34.93% |        1160      6.62%     41.55% |        1139      6.50%     48.05% |        1171      6.68%     54.73% |        1171      6.68%     61.42% |        1151      6.57%     67.99% |        1130      6.45%     74.44% |        1134      6.47%     80.91% |        1111      6.34%     87.25% |        1116      6.37%     93.62% |        1118      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        17521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        5581      6.26%      6.26% |        5793      6.50%     12.76% |        6176      6.93%     19.68% |        6336      7.11%     26.79% |        6156      6.90%     33.70% |        6174      6.92%     40.62% |        5261      5.90%     46.52% |        5388      6.04%     52.56% |        5612      6.29%     58.86% |        5172      5.80%     64.66% |        5502      6.17%     70.83% |        4817      5.40%     76.23% |        5341      5.99%     82.22% |        5218      5.85%     88.08% |        5246      5.88%     93.96% |        5385      6.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        89158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        5449      6.91%      6.91% |        5077      6.43%     13.34% |        5133      6.51%     19.84% |        5026      6.37%     26.21% |        5205      6.60%     32.81% |        4919      6.23%     39.04% |        4876      6.18%     45.22% |        5029      6.37%     51.60% |        4944      6.27%     57.86% |        4815      6.10%     63.96% |        4866      6.17%     70.13% |        4836      6.13%     76.26% |        4802      6.09%     82.35% |        4706      5.96%     88.31% |        4503      5.71%     94.02% |        4722      5.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        78908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      480607      6.51%      6.51% |      454163      6.15%     12.67% |      455714      6.18%     18.84% |      463603      6.28%     25.12% |      477850      6.48%     31.60% |      470355      6.37%     37.97% |      470235      6.37%     44.35% |      466560      6.32%     50.67% |      474299      6.43%     57.10% |      481772      6.53%     63.62% |      443503      6.01%     69.63% |      431459      5.85%     75.48% |      449296      6.09%     81.57% |      471311      6.39%     87.96% |      479997      6.50%     94.46% |      408775      5.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      7379499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1158580      6.94%      6.94% |     1023864      6.14%     13.08% |     1034099      6.20%     19.27% |     1016148      6.09%     25.36% |     1023166      6.13%     31.49% |     1012289      6.07%     37.56% |     1010334      6.05%     43.61% |     1017450      6.10%     49.71% |     1035602      6.21%     55.92% |     1125639      6.75%     62.66% |     1033725      6.19%     68.86% |     1010399      6.05%     74.91% |     1047277      6.28%     81.19% |     1091279      6.54%     87.73% |     1131749      6.78%     94.51% |      916549      5.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     16688149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2048     61.10%     61.10% |          41      1.22%     62.32% |          38      1.13%     63.45% |          32      0.95%     64.41% |          17      0.51%     64.92% |          25      0.75%     65.66% |          16      0.48%     66.14% |          18      0.54%     66.68% |         105      3.13%     69.81% |          90      2.68%     72.49% |         147      4.39%     76.88% |         159      4.74%     81.62% |         147      4.39%     86.01% |         153      4.56%     90.57% |         159      4.74%     95.32% |         157      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1092      5.88%      5.88% |        1276      6.87%     12.75% |        1217      6.55%     19.30% |        1171      6.30%     25.60% |        1217      6.55%     32.15% |        1144      6.16%     38.31% |        1122      6.04%     44.35% |        1126      6.06%     50.41% |        1162      6.25%     56.66% |        1160      6.24%     62.91% |        1083      5.83%     68.74% |        1109      5.97%     74.71% |        1191      6.41%     81.12% |        1189      6.40%     87.52% |        1151      6.20%     93.71% |        1168      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        18578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       40305      8.47%      8.47% |       29661      6.23%     14.71% |       29806      6.27%     20.97% |       31045      6.53%     27.50% |       29979      6.30%     33.80% |       30660      6.44%     40.24% |       28205      5.93%     46.17% |       29855      6.28%     52.45% |       28936      6.08%     58.53% |       30013      6.31%     64.84% |       27086      5.69%     70.53% |       28045      5.90%     76.43% |       28034      5.89%     82.32% |       29287      6.16%     88.48% |       30749      6.46%     94.94% |       24073      5.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       475739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      614478      7.25%      7.25% |      557084      6.57%     13.82% |      555085      6.55%     20.37% |      515787      6.08%     26.45% |      504939      5.96%     32.41% |      504441      5.95%     38.36% |      509038      6.00%     44.36% |      508408      6.00%     50.36% |      517613      6.11%     56.47% |      575259      6.79%     63.25% |      523334      6.17%     69.42% |      502691      5.93%     75.35% |      523930      6.18%     81.53% |      550303      6.49%     88.03% |      566358      6.68%     94.71% |      448815      5.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      8477563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1110     41.65%     41.65% |         166      6.23%     47.88% |         170      6.38%     54.26% |         166      6.23%     60.49% |         166      6.23%     66.72% |         166      6.23%     72.95% |         165      6.19%     79.14% |         169      6.34%     85.48% |          89      3.34%     88.82% |         115      4.32%     93.13% |          34      1.28%     94.41% |          31      1.16%     95.57% |          28      1.05%     96.62% |          29      1.09%     97.71% |          32      1.20%     98.91% |          29      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         2665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       37767      7.19%      7.19% |       32744      6.23%     13.42% |       32470      6.18%     19.60% |       31105      5.92%     25.53% |       31072      5.92%     31.44% |       31325      5.96%     37.40% |       31658      6.03%     43.43% |       31790      6.05%     49.48% |       32218      6.13%     55.61% |       36691      6.98%     62.60% |       32702      6.23%     68.82% |       31022      5.91%     74.73% |       32577      6.20%     80.93% |       34968      6.66%     87.59% |       36264      6.90%     94.49% |       28935      5.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       525308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           2      0.08%      0.08% |         263     10.15%     10.23% |         244      9.42%     19.65% |         267     10.31%     29.96% |         206      7.95%     37.92% |         242      9.34%     47.26% |         235      9.07%     56.33% |         259     10.00%     66.33% |         206      7.95%     74.29% |         181      6.99%     81.27% |         201      7.76%     89.03% |         133      5.14%     94.17% |          63      2.43%     96.60% |          25      0.97%     97.57% |          32      1.24%     98.80% |          31      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         2590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         196      3.20%      3.20% |         479      7.82%     11.02% |         378      6.17%     17.20% |         331      5.41%     22.60% |         514      8.39%     31.00% |         475      7.76%     38.76% |         392      6.40%     45.16% |         396      6.47%     51.63% |         486      7.94%     59.56% |         375      6.12%     65.69% |         437      7.14%     72.82% |         507      8.28%     81.10% |         364      5.94%     87.05% |         345      5.63%     92.68% |         227      3.71%     96.39% |         221      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      109675     46.47%     46.47% |        9956      4.22%     50.69% |        9328      3.95%     54.64% |        8844      3.75%     58.39% |        9777      4.14%     62.54% |        8844      3.75%     66.28% |        7915      3.35%     69.64% |        8070      3.42%     73.06% |        8263      3.50%     76.56% |        7947      3.37%     79.92% |        7797      3.30%     83.23% |        8495      3.60%     86.83% |        7158      3.03%     89.86% |        7304      3.09%     92.96% |        8391      3.56%     96.51% |        8231      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total       235995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      199810     21.78%     21.78% |       54545      5.95%     27.73% |       53570      5.84%     33.56% |       51904      5.66%     39.22% |       50951      5.55%     44.78% |       51300      5.59%     50.37% |       50976      5.56%     55.92% |       50152      5.47%     61.39% |       49309      5.37%     66.77% |       44840      4.89%     71.65% |       43595      4.75%     76.40% |       43862      4.78%     81.19% |       43086      4.70%     85.88% |       43251      4.71%     90.60% |       43138      4.70%     95.30% |       43128      4.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       917417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       17625     18.34%     18.34% |        5423      5.64%     23.99% |        5285      5.50%     29.49% |        5343      5.56%     35.05% |        5179      5.39%     40.44% |        5419      5.64%     46.08% |        5359      5.58%     51.65% |        5247      5.46%     57.11% |        5271      5.49%     62.60% |        5217      5.43%     68.03% |        5071      5.28%     73.31% |        5043      5.25%     78.56% |        5076      5.28%     83.84% |        5138      5.35%     89.19% |        5312      5.53%     94.71% |        5079      5.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        96087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       10263      6.20%      6.20% |       10608      6.40%     12.60% |       11064      6.68%     19.28% |       11152      6.73%     26.01% |       11155      6.73%     32.75% |       10932      6.60%     39.35% |       10025      6.05%     45.40% |       10272      6.20%     51.60% |       10430      6.30%     57.90% |        9911      5.98%     63.88% |       10301      6.22%     70.10% |        9636      5.82%     75.92% |       10097      6.10%     82.02% |        9924      5.99%     88.01% |        9744      5.88%     93.89% |       10120      6.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       165634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4955     27.13%     27.13% |        1146      6.27%     33.40% |        1153      6.31%     39.71% |        1097      6.01%     45.72% |         950      5.20%     50.92% |         999      5.47%     56.39% |         968      5.30%     61.69% |         956      5.23%     66.92% |         933      5.11%     72.03% |         760      4.16%     76.19% |         707      3.87%     80.06% |         741      4.06%     84.11% |         708      3.88%     87.99% |         731      4.00%     91.99% |         736      4.03%     96.02% |         727      3.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        18267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           3     20.00%     26.67% |           1      6.67%     33.33% |           3     20.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           1      6.67%     60.00% |           2     13.33%     73.33% |           2     13.33%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     25.00%     25.00% |           2     12.50%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     12.50%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       39186      7.29%      7.29% |       33690      6.27%     13.56% |       33302      6.20%     19.76% |       31901      5.94%     25.70% |       32002      5.96%     31.65% |       32248      6.00%     37.65% |       32481      6.04%     43.70% |       32659      6.08%     49.78% |       33026      6.15%     55.92% |       37398      6.96%     62.88% |       33406      6.22%     69.10% |       31733      5.91%     75.01% |       33069      6.15%     81.16% |       35406      6.59%     87.75% |       36593      6.81%     94.56% |       29240      5.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       537340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        3723     15.19%     15.19% |        2021      8.24%     23.43% |        1523      6.21%     29.64% |        1454      5.93%     35.57% |        1647      6.72%     42.29% |        1466      5.98%     48.27% |        1532      6.25%     54.52% |        1500      6.12%     60.64% |        1459      5.95%     66.59% |        1269      5.18%     71.76% |        1216      4.96%     76.72% |        1103      4.50%     81.22% |        1140      4.65%     85.87% |        1198      4.89%     90.76% |        1126      4.59%     95.35% |        1140      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        24517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       34847      7.68%      7.68% |       27647      6.10%     13.78% |       28320      6.25%     20.03% |       29670      6.54%     26.57% |       28405      6.26%     32.83% |       29188      6.44%     39.27% |       26754      5.90%     45.17% |       28430      6.27%     51.44% |       27624      6.09%     57.53% |       29155      6.43%     63.96% |       26241      5.79%     69.75% |       27247      6.01%     75.76% |       27439      6.05%     81.81% |       28630      6.31%     88.12% |       30256      6.67%     94.79% |       23617      5.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       453470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Inv::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2353     51.21%     51.21% |         182      3.96%     55.17% |         175      3.81%     58.98% |         160      3.48%     62.46% |         157      3.42%     65.88% |         159      3.46%     69.34% |         159      3.46%     72.80% |         215      4.68%     77.48% |          77      1.68%     79.15% |         200      4.35%     83.50% |          55      1.20%     84.70% |         204      4.44%     89.14% |          52      1.13%     90.27% |         196      4.27%     94.54% |          53      1.15%     95.69% |         198      4.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       27454     10.18%     10.18% |       16810      6.23%     16.41% |       17139      6.35%     22.76% |       17253      6.39%     29.15% |       16963      6.29%     35.44% |       17021      6.31%     41.75% |       16029      5.94%     47.69% |       16077      5.96%     53.65% |       16400      6.08%     59.73% |       15488      5.74%     65.47% |       15882      5.89%     71.36% |       15035      5.57%     76.93% |       15691      5.82%     82.75% |       15420      5.72%     88.46% |       15584      5.78%     94.24% |       15545      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       269791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           2      1.80%      1.80% |           3      2.70%      4.50% |           6      5.41%      9.91% |           3      2.70%     12.61% |           7      6.31%     18.92% |           2      1.80%     20.72% |           8      7.21%     27.93% |          11      9.91%     37.84% |           8      7.21%     45.05% |          16     14.41%     59.46% |           6      5.41%     64.86% |           2      1.80%     66.67% |           8      7.21%     73.87% |           7      6.31%     80.18% |          14     12.61%     92.79% |           8      7.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total          111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       14687     71.98%     71.98% |         394      1.93%     73.92% |         435      2.13%     76.05% |         310      1.52%     77.57% |         229      1.12%     78.69% |         331      1.62%     80.31% |         274      1.34%     81.65% |         336      1.65%     83.30% |         388      1.90%     85.20% |         531      2.60%     87.81% |         319      1.56%     89.37% |         505      2.48%     91.84% |         277      1.36%     93.20% |         454      2.23%     95.43% |         394      1.93%     97.36% |         539      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        20403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        4400     55.46%     55.46% |         222      2.80%     58.26% |         212      2.67%     60.94% |         191      2.41%     63.34% |         173      2.18%     65.52% |         183      2.31%     67.83% |         175      2.21%     70.04% |         232      2.92%     72.96% |         181      2.28%     75.24% |         289      3.64%     78.89% |         201      2.53%     81.42% |         362      4.56%     85.98% |         198      2.50%     88.48% |         348      4.39%     92.87% |         211      2.66%     95.53% |         355      4.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         7933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           3     20.00%     26.67% |           1      6.67%     33.33% |           3     20.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           1      6.67%     60.00% |           2     13.33%     73.33% |           2     13.33%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |           6     66.67%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |          74     60.16%     60.16% |           6      4.88%     65.04% |           2      1.63%     66.67% |           7      5.69%     72.36% |           3      2.44%     74.80% |           1      0.81%     75.61% |           2      1.63%     77.24% |           6      4.88%     82.11% |           2      1.63%     83.74% |           3      2.44%     86.18% |           3      2.44%     88.62% |           1      0.81%     89.43% |           3      2.44%     91.87% |           7      5.69%     97.56% |           3      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       55316      8.90%      8.90% |       38161      6.14%     15.05% |       37753      6.08%     21.12% |       36440      5.87%     26.99% |       36248      5.83%     32.82% |       36743      5.91%     38.74% |       37015      5.96%     44.70% |       37031      5.96%     50.66% |       37487      6.03%     56.69% |       41905      6.75%     63.43% |       37770      6.08%     69.51% |       36064      5.80%     75.32% |       37650      6.06%     81.38% |       40099      6.45%     87.83% |       41571      6.69%     94.53% |       34014      5.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       621267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Inv |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Inv::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |          76     59.38%     59.38% |           6      4.69%     64.06% |           2      1.56%     65.62% |           8      6.25%     71.88% |           3      2.34%     74.22% |           1      0.78%     75.00% |           2      1.56%     76.56% |           6      4.69%     81.25% |           2      1.56%     82.81% |           3      2.34%     85.16% |           3      2.34%     87.50% |           1      0.78%     88.28% |           3      2.34%     90.62% |           7      5.47%     96.09% |           5      3.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |         623      6.60%      6.60% |         706      7.48%     14.07% |         628      6.65%     20.72% |         504      5.34%     26.06% |         611      6.47%     32.53% |         788      8.34%     40.87% |         698      7.39%     48.26% |         555      5.88%     54.14% |         470      4.98%     59.12% |         567      6.00%     65.12% |         575      6.09%     71.21% |         720      7.62%     78.83% |         412      4.36%     83.20% |         423      4.48%     87.67% |         623      6.60%     94.27% |         541      5.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total         9444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       66859      6.59%      6.59% |       62346      6.14%     12.73% |       62271      6.14%     18.87% |       69550      6.85%     25.72% |       66080      6.51%     32.23% |       64677      6.37%     38.60% |       64834      6.39%     44.99% |       64401      6.35%     51.33% |       61541      6.06%     57.40% |       62605      6.17%     63.57% |       62212      6.13%     69.70% |       59904      5.90%     75.60% |       60413      5.95%     81.55% |       61557      6.07%     87.62% |       64601      6.36%     93.98% |       61096      6.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1014947                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       19559      5.81%      5.81% |       22645      6.73%     12.53% |       18897      5.61%     18.15% |       21729      6.45%     24.60% |       37790     11.22%     35.82% |       19544      5.80%     41.63% |       19273      5.72%     47.35% |       19356      5.75%     53.10% |       20176      5.99%     59.09% |       18860      5.60%     64.69% |       22344      6.64%     71.33% |       19323      5.74%     77.07% |       19503      5.79%     82.86% |       19081      5.67%     88.53% |       19112      5.68%     94.20% |       19522      5.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       336714                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         196      5.85%      5.85% |         151      4.50%     10.35% |         152      4.53%     14.89% |        1239     36.96%     51.85% |          95      2.83%     54.68% |         172      5.13%     59.82% |          83      2.48%     62.29% |         214      6.38%     68.68% |         111      3.31%     71.99% |         180      5.37%     77.36% |         102      3.04%     80.40% |         194      5.79%     86.19% |          69      2.06%     88.25% |         126      3.76%     92.00% |         142      4.24%     96.24% |         126      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total         3352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       39129      6.30%      6.30% |       39169      6.30%     12.60% |       38015      6.12%     18.72% |       40762      6.56%     25.27% |       40366      6.50%     31.77% |       38421      6.18%     37.95% |       38526      6.20%     44.15% |       38324      6.17%     50.32% |       38047      6.12%     56.44% |       38253      6.16%     62.59% |       38056      6.12%     68.72% |       38188      6.14%     74.86% |       38547      6.20%     81.07% |       39239      6.31%     87.38% |       39831      6.41%     93.79% |       38607      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       621480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |          16     84.21%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |        9269      6.26%      6.26% |        9283      6.27%     12.52% |        9268      6.26%     18.78% |        9275      6.26%     25.04% |        9250      6.24%     31.28% |        9268      6.26%     37.54% |        9249      6.24%     43.78% |        9229      6.23%     50.01% |        9247      6.24%     56.25% |        9238      6.24%     62.49% |        9246      6.24%     68.73% |        9253      6.25%     74.98% |        9265      6.25%     81.23% |        9258      6.25%     87.48% |        9268      6.26%     93.73% |        9283      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       148149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1083      5.89%      5.89% |         889      4.84%     10.73% |        1123      6.11%     16.84% |        2022     11.00%     27.83% |        1517      8.25%     36.09% |        1179      6.41%     42.50% |        1028      5.59%     48.09% |        1175      6.39%     54.48% |        1056      5.74%     60.23% |        1058      5.76%     65.98% |        1043      5.67%     71.65% |        1133      6.16%     77.82% |         986      5.36%     83.18% |        1097      5.97%     89.15% |         965      5.25%     94.40% |        1030      5.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        18384                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         440      7.17%      7.17% |         369      6.02%     13.19% |         375      6.11%     19.31% |         447      7.29%     26.59% |         440      7.17%     33.77% |         368      6.00%     39.77% |         377      6.15%     45.92% |         362      5.90%     51.82% |         388      6.33%     58.14% |         379      6.18%     64.32% |         383      6.24%     70.57% |         356      5.80%     76.37% |         347      5.66%     82.03% |         342      5.58%     87.61% |         368      6.00%     93.61% |         392      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1523      6.21%      6.21% |        1258      5.13%     11.34% |        1498      6.11%     17.45% |        2469     10.07%     27.52% |        1957      7.98%     35.51% |        1547      6.31%     41.82% |        1405      5.73%     47.55% |        1537      6.27%     53.82% |        1444      5.89%     59.71% |        1437      5.86%     65.57% |        1426      5.82%     71.38% |        1489      6.07%     77.46% |        1333      5.44%     82.89% |        1439      5.87%     88.76% |        1333      5.44%     94.20% |        1422      5.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        24517                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       50897      6.24%      6.24% |       51511      6.32%     12.56% |       49499      6.07%     18.64% |       55367      6.79%     25.43% |       55966      6.87%     32.30% |       50233      6.16%     38.46% |       50011      6.14%     44.60% |       50006      6.14%     50.73% |       49700      6.10%     56.83% |       49585      6.08%     62.91% |       50368      6.18%     69.09% |       49932      6.13%     75.22% |       49985      6.13%     81.35% |       50653      6.21%     87.57% |       51046      6.26%     93.83% |       50305      6.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       815064                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         142      6.28%      6.28% |         149      6.59%     12.88% |         143      6.33%     19.20% |         140      6.19%     25.40% |         150      6.64%     32.04% |         150      6.64%     38.67% |         147      6.50%     45.18% |         136      6.02%     51.19% |         132      5.84%     57.04% |         137      6.06%     63.10% |         142      6.28%     69.38% |         141      6.24%     75.62% |         131      5.80%     81.42% |         136      6.02%     87.43% |         140      6.19%     93.63% |         144      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         2260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        3586      6.26%      6.26% |        3594      6.27%     12.53% |        3584      6.25%     18.78% |        3595      6.27%     25.05% |        3558      6.21%     31.26% |        3578      6.24%     37.50% |        3562      6.21%     43.71% |        3564      6.22%     49.93% |        3586      6.26%     56.18% |        3579      6.24%     62.43% |        3577      6.24%     68.67% |        3585      6.25%     74.92% |        3594      6.27%     81.19% |        3595      6.27%     87.46% |        3589      6.26%     93.72% |        3598      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        57324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5541      6.26%      6.26% |        5540      6.26%     12.51% |        5541      6.26%     18.77% |        5540      6.26%     25.02% |        5542      6.26%     31.28% |        5541      6.26%     37.54% |        5540      6.26%     43.79% |        5529      6.24%     50.04% |        5529      6.24%     56.28% |        5522      6.23%     62.51% |        5527      6.24%     68.75% |        5527      6.24%     74.99% |        5540      6.26%     81.25% |        5527      6.24%     87.49% |        5539      6.25%     93.74% |        5541      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        88566                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |         386      6.56%      6.56% |         445      7.56%     14.13% |         382      6.49%     20.62% |         277      4.71%     25.33% |         376      6.39%     31.72% |         547      9.30%     41.02% |         432      7.34%     48.36% |         335      5.69%     54.05% |         264      4.49%     58.54% |         370      6.29%     64.83% |         375      6.37%     71.21% |         505      8.58%     79.79% |         228      3.88%     83.66% |         259      4.40%     88.07% |         405      6.88%     94.95% |         297      5.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         5883                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |       30205      6.80%      6.80% |       26685      6.01%     12.81% |       27567      6.21%     19.02% |       29522      6.65%     25.67% |       29040      6.54%     32.21% |       29478      6.64%     38.85% |       30037      6.76%     45.61% |       28118      6.33%     51.94% |       27005      6.08%     58.02% |       26953      6.07%     64.09% |       27789      6.26%     70.35% |       25213      5.68%     76.03% |       25926      5.84%     81.87% |       26042      5.86%     87.73% |       28253      6.36%     94.10% |       26214      5.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       444047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         338      7.29%      7.29% |         178      3.84%     11.13% |         282      6.08%     17.21% |         264      5.69%     22.90% |         834     17.99%     40.89% |         322      6.94%     47.83% |         247      5.33%     53.16% |         310      6.69%     59.84% |         234      5.05%     64.89% |         190      4.10%     68.99% |         258      5.56%     74.55% |         239      5.15%     79.71% |         208      4.49%     84.19% |         303      6.53%     90.73% |         180      3.88%     94.61% |         250      5.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total         4637                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         196      5.87%      5.87% |         137      4.10%      9.98% |         152      4.55%     14.53% |        1239     37.12%     51.65% |          95      2.85%     54.49% |         172      5.15%     59.65% |          83      2.49%     62.13% |         214      6.41%     68.54% |         111      3.33%     71.87% |         180      5.39%     77.26% |         102      3.06%     80.32% |         194      5.81%     86.13% |          69      2.07%     88.20% |         126      3.77%     91.97% |         142      4.25%     96.23% |         126      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total         3338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           3      2.75%      2.75% |           5      4.59%      7.34% |           3      2.75%     10.09% |          53     48.62%     58.72% |           6      5.50%     64.22% |           6      5.50%     69.72% |           2      1.83%     71.56% |           1      0.92%     72.48% |           0      0.00%     72.48% |           2      1.83%     74.31% |           4      3.67%     77.98% |           2      1.83%     79.82% |           1      0.92%     80.73% |           4      3.67%     84.40% |           6      5.50%     89.91% |          11     10.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       30157      6.28%      6.28% |       30263      6.30%     12.59% |       29404      6.13%     18.71% |       31607      6.58%     25.30% |       31180      6.50%     31.79% |       29762      6.20%     37.99% |       29682      6.18%     44.18% |       29589      6.16%     50.34% |       29313      6.11%     56.45% |       29551      6.16%     62.60% |       29340      6.11%     68.72% |       29532      6.15%     74.87% |       29496      6.14%     81.01% |       30466      6.35%     87.36% |       30903      6.44%     93.80% |       29777      6.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       480022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |         888      6.85%      6.85% |         760      5.87%     12.72% |         613      4.73%     17.45% |         955      7.37%     24.82% |        1171      9.04%     33.86% |         642      4.96%     38.82% |         878      6.78%     45.59% |         714      5.51%     51.10% |         779      6.01%     57.12% |         737      5.69%     62.80% |         735      5.67%     68.48% |         658      5.08%     73.56% |        1051      8.11%     81.67% |         727      5.61%     87.28% |         874      6.75%     94.03% |         774      5.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        12956                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1523      6.21%      6.21% |        1258      5.13%     11.35% |        1498      6.11%     17.46% |        2469     10.07%     27.53% |        1956      7.98%     35.51% |        1547      6.31%     41.82% |        1405      5.73%     47.55% |        1537      6.27%     53.82% |        1444      5.89%     59.71% |        1437      5.86%     65.57% |        1426      5.82%     71.39% |        1489      6.07%     77.47% |        1333      5.44%     82.90% |        1439      5.87%     88.77% |        1332      5.43%     94.21% |        1420      5.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        24513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       10192      6.06%      6.06% |       11039      6.56%     12.62% |        9923      5.90%     18.52% |       12168      7.23%     25.75% |       13586      8.08%     33.83% |       10217      6.07%     39.90% |       10020      5.96%     45.86% |       10086      6.00%     51.85% |       10149      6.03%     57.89% |        9826      5.84%     63.73% |       10829      6.44%     70.16% |       10197      6.06%     76.23% |       10027      5.96%     82.19% |        9910      5.89%     88.08% |        9819      5.84%     93.91% |       10239      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       168227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       39123      6.30%      6.30% |       39159      6.30%     12.60% |       38008      6.12%     18.72% |       40657      6.54%     25.26% |       40355      6.50%     31.76% |       38409      6.18%     37.94% |       38522      6.20%     44.14% |       38322      6.17%     50.31% |       38047      6.12%     56.43% |       38249      6.16%     62.59% |       38048      6.12%     68.71% |       38185      6.15%     74.86% |       38546      6.20%     81.06% |       39232      6.31%     87.38% |       39819      6.41%     93.79% |       38586      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       621267                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |          16     84.21%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        3585      6.25%      6.25% |        3594      6.27%     12.52% |        3584      6.25%     18.78% |        3594      6.27%     25.05% |        3558      6.21%     31.26% |        3577      6.24%     37.50% |        3561      6.21%     43.71% |        3564      6.22%     49.93% |        3585      6.25%     56.18% |        3579      6.24%     62.43% |        3577      6.24%     68.67% |        3585      6.25%     74.92% |        3594      6.27%     81.19% |        3594      6.27%     87.46% |        3589      6.26%     93.72% |        3598      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        57318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR |          94      7.42%      7.42% |         112      8.84%     16.26% |         103      8.13%     24.39% |          87      6.87%     31.25% |          83      6.55%     37.81% |          91      7.18%     44.99% |         119      9.39%     54.38% |          83      6.55%     60.93% |          74      5.84%     66.77% |          60      4.74%     71.51% |          58      4.58%     76.09% |          74      5.84%     81.93% |          53      4.18%     86.11% |          28      2.21%     88.32% |          63      4.97%     93.29% |          85      6.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         1267                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         143      6.31%      6.31% |         149      6.58%     12.89% |         143      6.31%     19.21% |         141      6.23%     25.43% |         150      6.62%     32.05% |         150      6.62%     38.68% |         148      6.53%     45.21% |         136      6.00%     51.21% |         133      5.87%     57.09% |         137      6.05%     63.13% |         142      6.27%     69.40% |         141      6.23%     75.63% |         131      5.78%     81.41% |         137      6.05%     87.46% |         140      6.18%     93.64% |         144      6.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         2265                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |        1617      6.20%      6.20% |        1656      6.35%     12.56% |        1562      5.99%     18.55% |        1616      6.20%     24.75% |        1597      6.13%     30.87% |        1633      6.26%     37.14% |        1605      6.16%     43.30% |        1656      6.35%     49.65% |        1653      6.34%     55.99% |        1656      6.35%     62.34% |        1635      6.27%     68.62% |        1652      6.34%     74.95% |        1651      6.33%     81.29% |        1633      6.26%     87.55% |        1620      6.21%     93.77% |        1625      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total        26067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5541      6.26%      6.26% |        5540      6.26%     12.51% |        5541      6.26%     18.77% |        5540      6.26%     25.02% |        5542      6.26%     31.28% |        5541      6.26%     37.54% |        5540      6.26%     43.79% |        5529      6.24%     50.04% |        5529      6.24%     56.28% |        5522      6.23%     62.51% |        5527      6.24%     68.75% |        5527      6.24%     74.99% |        5540      6.26%     81.25% |        5527      6.24%     87.49% |        5539      6.25%     93.74% |        5541      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        88566                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |         178     41.78%     41.78% |          13      3.05%     44.84% |           6      1.41%     46.24% |          24      5.63%     51.88% |          16      3.76%     55.63% |           0      0.00%     55.63% |           0      0.00%     55.63% |          24      5.63%     61.27% |           0      0.00%     61.27% |         161     37.79%     99.06% |           4      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total          426                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.04%      2.04% |           0      0.00%      2.04% |           1      2.04%      4.08% |           8     16.33%     20.41% |           0      0.00%     20.41% |          10     20.41%     40.82% |           1      2.04%     42.86% |           6     12.24%     55.10% |           0      0.00%     55.10% |          11     22.45%     77.55% |           0      0.00%     77.55% |           1      2.04%     79.59% |           6     12.24%     91.84% |           3      6.12%     97.96% |           1      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_PUTX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         534      6.70%      6.70% |         315      3.95%     10.65% |         434      5.44%     16.09% |        1503     18.85%     34.93% |         929     11.65%     46.58% |         494      6.19%     52.78% |         330      4.14%     56.92% |         524      6.57%     63.49% |         345      4.33%     67.81% |         370      4.64%     72.45% |         360      4.51%     76.97% |         433      5.43%     82.39% |         277      3.47%     85.87% |         429      5.38%     91.25% |         322      4.04%     95.29% |         376      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         7975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           6      2.17%      2.17% |           2      0.72%      2.90% |           5      1.81%      4.71% |          67     24.28%     28.99% |          90     32.61%     61.59% |          25      9.06%     70.65% |           6      2.17%     72.83% |           9      3.26%     76.09% |          21      7.61%     83.70% |          10      3.62%     87.32% |           3      1.09%     88.41% |          11      3.99%     92.39% |           4      1.45%     93.84% |           4      1.45%     95.29% |           7      2.54%     97.83% |           6      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         983      2.71%      2.71% |        3471      9.59%     12.30% |         976      2.70%     15.00% |        1185      3.27%     18.27% |       15052     41.57%     59.83% |        1189      3.28%     63.12% |         973      2.69%     65.80% |        1060      2.93%     68.73% |        1826      5.04%     73.77% |         929      2.57%     76.34% |        3349      9.25%     85.59% |        1050      2.90%     88.49% |        1025      2.83%     91.32% |         975      2.69%     94.01% |        1077      2.97%     96.98% |        1092      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total        36212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       50363      6.24%      6.24% |       51196      6.34%     12.58% |       49065      6.08%     18.66% |       53864      6.67%     25.34% |       55037      6.82%     32.16% |       49739      6.16%     38.32% |       49681      6.16%     44.47% |       49482      6.13%     50.60% |       49355      6.12%     56.72% |       49215      6.10%     62.82% |       50008      6.20%     69.01% |       49499      6.13%     75.15% |       49708      6.16%     81.31% |       50224      6.22%     87.53% |       50724      6.28%     93.81% |       49929      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       807089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |          13     48.15%     51.85% |          13     48.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GET_INSTR::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |        1185     14.31%     14.31% |         530      6.40%     20.72% |         206      2.49%     23.20% |        2254     27.23%     50.43% |         239      2.89%     53.32% |         279      3.37%     56.69% |         136      1.64%     58.33% |        1558     18.82%     77.15% |         168      2.03%     79.18% |         913     11.03%     90.20% |          72      0.87%     91.07% |          74      0.89%     91.97% |          57      0.69%     92.66% |          10      0.12%     92.78% |         517      6.24%     99.02% |          81      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         8279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           3      3.53%      3.53% |           5      5.88%      9.41% |           3      3.53%     12.94% |          36     42.35%     55.29% |           5      5.88%     61.18% |           6      7.06%     68.24% |           2      2.35%     70.59% |           1      1.18%     71.76% |           0      0.00%     71.76% |           2      2.35%     74.12% |           3      3.53%     77.65% |           1      1.18%     78.82% |           0      0.00%     78.82% |           3      3.53%     82.35% |           6      7.06%     89.41% |           9     10.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        1053      5.91%      5.91% |         854      4.79%     10.71% |        1088      6.11%     16.81% |        1992     11.18%     28.00% |        1482      8.32%     36.32% |        1145      6.43%     42.75% |         989      5.55%     48.30% |        1140      6.40%     54.70% |        1018      5.72%     60.41% |        1018      5.72%     66.13% |        1006      5.65%     71.78% |        1089      6.11%     77.89% |         948      5.32%     83.21% |        1070      6.01%     89.22% |         930      5.22%     94.44% |         990      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total        17812                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         420      7.16%      7.16% |         354      6.04%     13.20% |         357      6.09%     19.29% |         428      7.30%     26.59% |         419      7.15%     33.73% |         349      5.95%     39.68% |         363      6.19%     45.87% |         341      5.82%     51.69% |         371      6.33%     58.02% |         365      6.22%     64.24% |         366      6.24%     70.48% |         338      5.76%     76.24% |         332      5.66%     81.91% |         326      5.56%     87.47% |         357      6.09%     93.55% |         378      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5864                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          50      5.95%      5.95% |          50      5.95%     11.89% |          53      6.30%     18.19% |          49      5.83%     24.02% |          56      6.66%     30.68% |          53      6.30%     36.98% |          53      6.30%     43.28% |          56      6.66%     49.94% |          55      6.54%     56.48% |          54      6.42%     62.90% |          54      6.42%     69.32% |          62      7.37%     76.69% |          53      6.30%     83.00% |          43      5.11%     88.11% |          46      5.47%     93.58% |          54      6.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          841                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          30      5.24%      5.24% |          35      6.12%     11.36% |          35      6.12%     17.48% |          30      5.24%     22.73% |          35      6.12%     28.85% |          34      5.94%     34.79% |          39      6.82%     41.61% |          35      6.12%     47.73% |          38      6.64%     54.37% |          40      6.99%     61.36% |          37      6.47%     67.83% |          44      7.69%     75.52% |          38      6.64%     82.17% |          27      4.72%     86.89% |          35      6.12%     93.01% |          40      6.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total          572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          20      7.43%      7.43% |          15      5.58%     13.01% |          18      6.69%     19.70% |          19      7.06%     26.77% |          21      7.81%     34.57% |          19      7.06%     41.64% |          14      5.20%     46.84% |          21      7.81%     54.65% |          17      6.32%     60.97% |          14      5.20%     66.17% |          17      6.32%     72.49% |          18      6.69%     79.18% |          15      5.58%     84.76% |          16      5.95%     90.71% |          11      4.09%     94.80% |          14      5.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          269                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           4     10.00%     10.00% |           1      2.50%     12.50% |           1      2.50%     15.00% |          11     27.50%     42.50% |           1      2.50%     45.00% |           7     17.50%     62.50% |           5     12.50%     75.00% |           2      5.00%     80.00% |           3      7.50%     87.50% |           1      2.50%     90.00% |           1      2.50%     92.50% |           0      0.00%     92.50% |           3      7.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1473      6.22%      6.22% |        1208      5.10%     11.32% |        1445      6.10%     17.43% |        2420     10.22%     27.65% |        1901      8.03%     35.68% |        1494      6.31%     41.99% |        1352      5.71%     47.70% |        1481      6.26%     53.95% |        1389      5.87%     59.82% |        1383      5.84%     65.66% |        1372      5.79%     71.46% |        1427      6.03%     77.48% |        1280      5.41%     82.89% |        1396      5.90%     88.79% |        1287      5.44%     94.22% |        1368      5.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        23676                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
